Except as may be required by applicable law, payments are non-refundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used services.
 Except as may be required by applicable law, payments are non-refundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used services.
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN A MANDATORY ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS.
 THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN A MANDATORY ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS.
These terms of service contain a mandatory arbitration of disputes provision that requires the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes in certain circumstances, rather than jury trials or class action lawsuits. view these terms here.
Except as may be required by applicable law, payments are non-refundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used services.
By continuing to access or use the Services, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
 By continuing to access or use the Services, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
 THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN A MANDATORY ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS. VIEW THESE TERMS HERE.
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN A MANDATORY ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS.
Online activity data, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing to the Service, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on
 a page or screen, access times and duration of access, and whether you have opened or forwarded our emails or clicked links within them.
These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, links clicked, and conversion information.
Log file information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Baidu Product, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
IP address and device ID), and browser information (e.g URL, browser type, pages visited, date/time of access); Advertising information (such as size/type of ad, ad impressions, location/format of ad, data about interactions with ad); Behavioural information (such as information on the behaviour or presumed interests of individuals which are linked to those individuals and may be used to create a user profile); and Information captured by our cookies (see Cookiessection below).
We collect information about your activity on our Services, which includes device identifiers (like IP address or mobile device identifiers), pages or features you use, time and date of access, and other similar usage information.
These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Baidu Product.
We may engage third-party advertising companies that use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your interaction (including the data described in the automatic data collection section above) over time across the Service, our communications and other online services, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you.
Virtual events hosted by third-party platforms may also collect additional data from you when you visit their sites.
Additionally, we sometimes provide basic information we collect (such as email addresses) to service providers, who may “match” this information in de-identified form to cookies, mobile ad identifiers, and other proprietary IDs, to provide you with more relevant ads when you visit other online services.
We may also share personal information (in the form of identifiers and internet activity information) with third party advertisers for purposes of targeting advertisements on non-Slack websites, applications, and services.
We may engage third party tracking and advertising providers such as those named below to act on our behalf to track and analyze your usage of our website through the use of cookies.
We collect the following categories of personal information: identifiers (such as name, email address and IP address), Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as engagement with promotional messages and ads), and inferences (such as gender, based on your first name).
Moreover, our use of third-party analytics services and online advertising services may result in the sharing of online identifiers (e.g., cookie data, IP addresses, device identifiers, and usage information) in a way that may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA.
Information we collect from other sources We may receive information about you from other sources, such as business partners, marketers, researchers, analysts, social network services, and other parties to help us supplement our records.
We may also associate personal information that you submit to us, including email addresses, with information collected about you through other means such as cookies, web beacons, or social media plugins.
Partners and Resellers - We may disclose your personal information, such as contact information, business details, and content interest and activity details, to our partners and resellers for business purposes, such as to carry out our business or for joint marketing efforts to reach our customers and prospective customers.
When you walk around our campus, your images may be captured by AI-enabled camera systems and IoT sensors, to test our technologies that may be used to detect crowds or suspicious malicious actors.
For example, we may share your personal information with affiliate brand partners or other third-parties with whom we are collaborating in our promotional programs or to offer you additional services.
That is because these services use our users’ personal information (specifically, the contact data, device data and online activity data described above in Personal information we collect) to show you ads they think may interest you on other online services.
When you interact with Baidu Products through various social media, such as when you login through Facebook, Google + or another third party service, or share Baidu content on Facebook, Twitter or other sites, we may receive information from the social network including your profile information, profile picture, gender, user name, user ID associated with your social media account, age range, language, country, friends list, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties.
Audio, Electronic, Visual, or Similar Information, such as the videos, pictures, and other recordings of you in different situations, including when you join our virtual meetings or webinars, connect to our information systems, or participate in some of our test programs.
We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes: Direct marketing.
These systems record, process, and store videos and images from the vehicle’s surroundings associated with location and time.
When you visit any of them, your information may be captured by cameras or other sensor devices embedded into our buildings, shuttles, security systems, and other infrastructure.
Baidu Products may collect and store your biometric information such as your voice, facial features and facial geometry in order to provide Baidu Products to you, and to further develop and enhance Baidu’s proprietary technology.
We disclose information about you with third-party vendors and service providers who perform services for us, such as identification verification, fraud prevention, advertising, mailing services, tax and accounting services, contest fulfillment, web hosting, and analytics services.
Online advertising partners As discussed in the Online advertising section above, and as further provided in our Cookies Notice, we may disclose certain information about you with our online advertising partners to assist in our online advertising and measurement activities.
We operate globally and may transfer, store, and/or process your information to or with other entities within the GoPro family of companies or other third parties such as trusted service providers and partners in locations around the world (including the United States) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Biometric Information, such as imagery of the face and voice recordings, from which an identifier template (e.g., faceprint or voiceprint) may be extracted.
We collect information about you from companies that we do business with, such as name, contact data, inferences about your preferences and attributes, as well as inferred fraud risk, from identity verification and fraud prevention partners.
Audio, Electronic, or Visual Information - If you attend a CrowdStrike hosted in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or virtual meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting.
We may also share users’ contact data with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms.
The personal information processed may consist of pictures and videos collected by the vehicle camera systems of car plates, pedestrians, cyclists, cars’ occupants, and any other individual in the vehicle’s surroundings.
The information collected from your photo and your voice by our vendors for these purposes may include biometric data.
Marketing and Commercial Purposes - We may use the personal information to send marketing and other communications to you; to conduct joint marketing efforts with our partners; to conduct digital and direct marketing; to connect you with our partners and resellers; and other marketing and commercial related-purposes.
Activity, Location, and Usage Information on Roku Services We receive information about your interactions with the Roku Services, such as your browsing history, search history, search results, audio information when you use voice-enabled features, interactions with content and ads, and settings and preferences.
Usage details: we collect information about Customers’ usage of our Services, including IP address, Customer ID, email address, domain, date time and duration of visits to our websites, page visits, information about your computer or device including browser type, and other usage statistics, such as browsing history, clickstream data, search history, access logs, and other usage data and information regarding an individual’s interaction with our websites and Services, our marketing emails and online ads.
We may infer your general location information and internet service provider from the device information we collect (for example, IP address and MAC address may be used to infer your geographic area).
These business partners may provide IP addresses, device IDs, other unique identifiers, and information about you, such as information about your online activities, interests, household information, demographics, health, and wellness information.
We may also disclose your demographics data and audience segments (e.g., sports fans, sitcom enthusiasts, cord cutters, etc.) with advertising measurement providers and their service providers.
When You Visit Our Social Media Pages: When you interact with our social media pages, such as our LinkedIn or Facebook pages, we may collect your information through social media service providers and other service providers.
As defined by the CCPA, we may “sell” usage details and identifiers to third party advertising networks, social networks, and data analytics providers.
Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use.
In addition, third parties may be able to collect information about your online activities when you use our websites or Subscription Services using cookies or other technologies.
Information collected by Roku or on our behalf may be stored on your Roku Devices, on your mobile device if you use Roku’s mobile apps, or on our servers, and may be transferred to, accessed from, or stored and processed globally in any other country where Roku or its service providers maintain facilities or call centers, including jurisdictions that may not have data privacy laws that provide protections equivalent to those provided in your home country.
We may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third-party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests.
What information we collect Photos & Recordings: audio and video recordings, photographs Other: your information that you may share in a photo or audio or video recording How we use your information Marketing Activities: We may use recordings, such as recordings of virtual meetings, to sell our Solutions to you.
We may also capture audio and video images of you using our surveillance systems.
These streaming services may collect some of the information described in this section when their app is installed but not actively streaming.
The data we gather through these cookies can include which web pages you’ve viewed, which referral/exit pages you’ve entered and left from, which platform type you’ve used, which emails you’ve opened and acted upon, and date and timestamp info.
When users come to our Site, we may track, collect, and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages of our Site were visited, the order in which they were visited, when they were visited, and which hyperlinks were clicked.
Web browser cookies may store info such as your IP address or other identifiers, your browser type, and info about the content you view and interact with on digital services.
It also means we can use details about how you’ve interacted with the site or app, such as the number of clicks you make on a given screen, your mouse and scrolling activity, the search words you use, and the text you enter into various fields.
The ads may be based on various factors such as the content of the page you are visiting, information you enter such as your age and gender, your searches, demographic data, user-generated content, and other information we collect from you.
These third parties might link your data to other info they collect to create custom audiences or deliver targeted ads.
To do this, they record unique identifiers associated with your device, like your device ID, IP address, in-app activity, and network location.
These cookies can be purely functional, but can also be used to keep track of which websites you visit from their network, to build a profile of your online browsing behavior, and to show you personalized ads.
However, we may need to share your personal information with third parties to deliver relevant personalized ads to you on and off the Lyft Platform.
We may share your Personal Data with Content Providers and other business partners of Coursera so that Content Providers and other business partners may share information about their products and services that may be of interest to you where they are legally entitled to do so.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHERS We may receive additional information such as demographic and statistical information from third parties, such as business partners, marketers, researchers, analysts, and other parties that we may attribute to you based on your assignment to certain statistical groups.
Based on your interaction with the Booking.com platform (collected via cookies and similar tracking technologies), personalized marketing from Booking.com including promotions, search assistant messages, Genius and other rewards, travel experiences, surveys, and updates about Booking.com’s products and services might be shown to you on the Booking.com website, on mobile apps, or on third-party websites/apps (including social media sites), and the content of the site displayed to you might be personalized.
We may share Personal Data with the providers of third party tools and services for some of these activities, in particular for online advertising purposes, including targeted advertising and custom audience activities, (for example, we use advertising services from Meta, amongst others).
We use Personal Data and share such Personal Data with third-party service providers to facilitate and personalize your interaction with Site features such as chatbots, automated translation and grading functionality, tailored recommendations, and learner engagement features.
Third parties may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect information about you as discussed above, including your email address.
These ads may be based on your current activity or your activity over time and across other websites and online services and may be tailored to your interests.
As described above, we also may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise disclose your data to, other members within the MasterClass group of companies, service providers, and business partners in countries other than your country of residence, including the United States, in accordance with applicable law.
We may use such information for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors.
We use Personal Data, and share such Personal Data with third-party service providers, relating to your use of the Site and Services to record and analyze how learners interact with the Site, its features and content, and our Services.
When you or others use third-party services or other Meta Company Products that are integrated with our Services, those third-party services may receive information about what you or others share with them.
Keep in mind, however, that when deleting your Personal Data there may be residual information that will remain within our databases, access logs, and other records, which may or may not contain your Personal Data.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM SOCIAL MEDIA AND OTHER CONTENT PLATFORMS If you access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in (e.g., through a social network like Facebook or Twitter), you may allow us to have access to and store certain information from your social network profile.
We may receive and record Personal Data when you send us an email message or otherwise contact us, including through the use of an in-platform messaging/chat feature.
Our third-party advertising partners may also use these technologies to identify your browsing interests over time and across different websites to deliver targeted advertisements and other content that has been customized for you.
Cookies may also allow us and our service providers to collect data about your use of our services, including text you enter, screen recordings of your mouse movements, and other interactions as you browse and use our services, even if you don’t have an account or Profile.
If you use the Shop App and you connect your third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we receive information to identify shopping-related emails and display within Shop information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information.
We collect this data from everyone using the Site and affiliated sites, including users of private browsing mode, “incognito mode,” or similar modes.
Personal data shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by us from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other data you share with us and that we receive, generate, or infer about you, as described in this Policy.
We may also share information about your behavior on the Sites with third parties (including operators of third-party websites and/or social networking sites) in order to show you targeted advertisements and other content that has been customized for you.
You may choose to grant our Services permission to access your device’s precise geolocation, which we may use to confirm your address and help us operate or personalize our Services, including by tagging posts, providing information on or adding information to a map, and helping us show you more relevant content or ads.
You understand and acknowledge that, even after its removal by you or us, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if any third parties (including any of your Users-of-Users) have copied or stored such User Content.
Other Sources We may also obtain data that is publicly available or from third party sources, such as address verification services or third-party marketing database partners, to improve the accuracy of and add to what we know about our customers and prospective customers.
Researching & Applying to Jobs When you search for information on our services or the services of our affiliates, we may use your searches and other activities on and off our services (including activities conducted on our affiliates’ services or your interactions with ads) to personalize your experience and the jobs we show and recommend to you.
We may use cookies (both on and off our services), which may include data from our ad partners, to help deliver ads to you.
Please also note that deleting your Personal Data held by Indeed does not affect messages we process on behalf of others in connection with their use of Indeed’s Relay Service and they may continue to have access to all messages sent to or received from you.
1.3 Personal information we may collect from third parties and public sources We may collect information about you from third parties (such as companies we partner with or that provide services to us) and public sources.
We may also allow Employers who participate in our Indeed Targeted Ads Program to place cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies in advertisements we serve on our Site and on third party websites to help these Employers understand how individuals interact with our advertisements about their Job Listings.
If you post information on a social media or another third-party service that references our brands or our products and services (e.g., via a Twitter hashtag), we may publish your post on our social media accounts or websites.
Additionally, your information may be transferred to another organization if, for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of the Sites and Apps because we have merged with or have been acquired by another organization, or if we liquidate our assets.
We collect information about you when you send, receive, open, read or otherwise engage with messages, email, or other communications in connection with our Services, including whether you have opened or acted on those communications.
If you interact with content on our social media profiles (for example, if you “like” or share a post from one of our brand’s Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram accounts), those social media sites may share information about you with us, including your public profile, e-mail address and friend list.
As you add new photos, we may associate similar faces (if you have the face grouping feature enabled), places and other image characteristics within your photo collection.
We may have sold (using that rather broad and dramatic term as defined by U.S. privacy laws and regulations) or shared the categories of Personal Information listed above in the past 12 months to our affiliates, Third Party Service Providers, promotional partners, advertising partners, analytics partners, and social media platforms.
If you use the Shop App, we receive information about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through Shop.
Or, if you search Nextdoor for a particular product, we might show you advertisements for providers of that product or related or similar products, including those made possible by our partnership with Microsoft's Bing Advertising to provide Members with advertisements of interest in connection with certain of our Services.
We may collect audio or visual information such as audio or video recordings tied to certain content that you may upload, as well as information supporting the functionality of video and audio features such as video effects that allow you to overlay effects over objects or people displayed within the camera frame.
Information collected from websites and apps that have plug-in functions may include information about the websites you logged into using your LINE account and the websites you visited while logged in to your LINE account.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users.
Such inferred data we receive may include inferences about your interests and characteristics, generated by such third parties from other websites and services you have visited (for example whether you are interested in fintech, cars etc., which income group you might pertain to, as well as the locations you tend to visit, based on your GPS location).
After you delete Shared Information, it may still be separately cached, copied, or stored by, or remain public through, other users or third parties who are not affiliated with and not controlled by us.
We may collect records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered through the Platform as well as purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Information We May Share with External Parties: We may share information we collect about you with our subsidiaries, members, parent, and affiliates worldwide.
The information that we collect may be stored by a third party data storage provider, and may be combined with or linked to other information held about you.
We may combine certain automatically-collected information with other information we obtain about you, which may include data we obtain from external parties.
Back to top How We Share Your Personal Data We share data with third parties, including our corporate family and with trusted companies that help us provide our Services in compliance with strict data security and privacy practices, as well as other third parties such as our advertising partners, and third parties offering services through our App.
We do not knowingly sell personal information related to California residents, but we may disclose personal information to vendors that facilitate interest-based advertising and other advertising and marketing through cookies or other tracking technologies through our Platform online.
We may make inferences about you based on other personal information we collect, such as your preferences and characteristics, including what videos you may prefer we suggest to you.
For example, when you use a social media account to register or log into a Triller account, we may collect information about you in connection with social networking services (e.g., your public profile, friend list, people you follow or who follow you, your email address, birthday, work history, education history, interests, current city, website, personal description and likes, and your friends’ birthdays, education histories, personal descriptions and likes).
For example, we may retain some or all of your personal information that you request to be deleted, without limitation, to complete transactions and services you have requested or that are reasonably anticipated, for security purposes, for legitimate internal business purposes, including maintaining business records, to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to exercise or defend legal claims, and to cooperate with law enforcement.
Due to our global nature, your personal data may need to be processed in countries where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in your home country.
We automatically receive Device Identifiable Information about your interactions with our Services, such as the posts or other content you view, the searches you conduct, the people you follow, and the dates and times of your visits.
For example, these companies may use information collected about you (e.g., IP address, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Specifically, we may share Account Information, Inferences, and Device, Internet and Network Activity Information with our advertising partners.
We may also send information about the content you watch or your activities on the Twitch Services to such third parties.
Personal information collected by Twitch may be combined with personal information about Amazon customers, and that combined information may be used by both Twitch and Amazon to operate, provide, develop, and improve Amazon’s and Twitch’s products and services.
(*4) Information acquired from customers, such as website and application browsing history and purchase history, will be analyzed to provide services, distribute advertisements, etc.
However, even if you have deleted the message from your Goodreads inbox or outbox, copies of the message may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored the message.
These events will be photographed, recorded, and streamed, both by Twitch and by others, and these materials may be used for promotional purposes.
Advertising: We may share your data with advertising companies to display relevant ads to you, and to measure the effectiveness of those ads.
Flipboard does not sell your name and contact information (such as your email address, phone number, or postal address); however, as described above in the “How We Disclose Your Personal Information” section above, we do share the following categories of personal information with our marketing and advertising partners in order to show you advertisements that are targeted to your interests: Contact and Account Information; Demographic Information; Device, Internet, and Network Activity Information; Location Information; and Inferences.
We may transfer your Personal Information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets.
We may share your Personal Information with companies under common ownership and control of Rumble, including the parent company and its affiliates.
We may share your data with potential transaction partners, advisors, and others in the event our company is, in whole or part, acquired by a third party.
When you use an Enterprise Account, the administrators of the Enterprise Account may: Access information about your Enterprise Account activity, including your video viewing history; Manage and change the content within your account, including profile information; Control your ability to view, edit, or delete content; and Delete your account.
Twitch may share personal information with, and receive personal information from, our affiliates (meaning entities controlled by, controlling, or under common control with Twitch), including Amazon.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
If you remove User Content, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your User Content.
We may obtain data from third parties about you.
This means that we may make all public information associated with your account (e.g., your Flipboard profile, comments you post, and content you flip) available not only on Flipboard, but also across the Fediverse – a network of interconnected social media platforms and services that can communicate and interact with each other.
We disclose your Personal Information, for a business purpose, to service providers, our partners or affiliates, or third parties with whom we collaborate.
We also combine your data with data from other users to spot trends and preferences.
Currently, Rumble does not respond to DNT signals and will continue to collect information about you even if your browser's DNT functionality is activated.
In addition, third parties may collect information about you when you use our services.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties: In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
We collect identifiers such as your real name, alias, email address, phone number, account username and password, photographs, biographical information, and other similar information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
Any information, text, image, or video you share on Yubo is part of your personal data.
Enterprise Accounts If you create a Vimeo account using an email address provided or assigned to you by an organization (such as your work email address): Vimeo may share your personal information (e.g., name, email address) with such organization; and The organization may establish a direct relationship with us and migrate your data to the organization's account (an Enterprise Account).
Inferences: We may make inferences about your interests and personal preferences (such as the content you like to consume), as well as your demographics (like age and gender).
If you choose the automated option, and if you consent, we will collect your facial geometry data, which may be considered biometric data in some countries.
Specifically, we share all categories of personal information listed above with vendors and service providers that work on our behalf to help us offer and improve our service.
For example, some advertisers or advertising platforms may allow us to determine what other online services you might use so that we may place relevant ads on those services.
If we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, divesture, restructuring, sale of assets, or other change of control transaction, we may need to transfer your personal data to another entity as part of that transaction.
Twitch also works with third parties to serve ads to you off Twitch’s Services.
When you interact with the video (e. g., by clicking the start, pause or stop button), details about these interactions will also be transmitted to the provider.
We may share information we receive from you with vendors and service providers.
In addition, due to the nature of the internet, copies of your content, including content that you have removed or deleted from your account, may also exist elsewhere on the Internet and be retained indefinitely.
Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-Personal Information regarding your activities on our Services and/or information from the advertisements on third party websites for other legal purposes as described above.
Sophisticated users who use the Grindr Services in an unauthorized manner, or other users who change their location while you remain in the same location, may use Distance Information to determine your exact location and may be able to determine your identity.
We may use analytics service providers to collect information regarding Individual behavior, Individual demographics, and how Individuals engage with our Services.
Accordingly, even if you choose to hide your Distance Information, others may nevertheless be able to determine your Location.
In addition, if you connect your third-party accounts to our Services, we may use information from those accounts to improve your experience.
In addition, should we, Wix or any of its affiliates undergo any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all of its assets, your Information may be shared with the parties involved in such event.
We collect and store your last known location to determine your proximity to our service partners.
By selecting the DNT option on your browser, this may not affect our collection of information related to cookie or other tracking technologies.
Please note that in certain situations, we may continue to process your Personal Information after you have withdrawn consent and requested that we delete your Personal Information, if we have a legal basis to do so.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
We may collect and store information regarding the content you interact with, submit, or share, and associate that information with your account.
To help improve the relevance of these ads, we provide certain info about you to third parties, including advertising partners, or allow them to collect such data from our services (such as via cookies, SDKs, or similar technologies).
Data generated or automatically collected Categories Description Usage Data Using the service generates data about your activity, including how you use it (e.g., when you logged in, features you’ve been using, actions taken, information shown to you, referring webpages, ads you interacted with) and how you interact with others (e.g., searching, matching, communicating).
Geolocation data, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests and activity across Google services.
We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
We may share your Personal Information in order to select and display targeted advertisements.
Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using.
We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
At times, our analytics services may consult or ingest Usage Information, and may do so in a manner that causes it to be associated with your Personal Information.
And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources.
As a result, much of the information generated through Digg is shared publicly or with third parties.
We may share some or all of your Personal Information with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“Affiliates”).
We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting.
Please remember, however, if we have already disclosed some of your Personal Information to third parties, we cannot access that Personal Information any longer and cannot force the deletion or modification of any such information by the parties to whom we have made those disclosures.
Once you have posted information publicly, while you will still be able to edit and delete it on the Site, you will not be able to edit or delete such information cached, collected, and stored elsewhere by others.
For example, if you connect to Facebook or Google, we may receive information like your name, profile picture, age range, language, email address, and friend list.
Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live.
If you use our Live Coaching Services, we collect information about such use, including the plan, goals, and actions you record with your coach, your calendar events, communications with your coach, notes your coach records about you, and other information submitted by you or your coach.
Your Account Information and Usage Information may be used by these third parties to choose advertisements likely to be relevant for you.
In addition, your Personal Information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than and less protective of Personal Information than the laws in your country.
Location information We may receive and process information about your location.
INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES If you choose to connect your account on our Services to your account on another service, we may receive information from the other service.
Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets associated with Digg, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
Biometric information, such as your exercise, activity, sleep, or health data, including the number of steps you take, distance traveled, calories burned, weight, heart rate, sleep stages, active minutes, female health data, Live Coaching Services data, and any similar information to which you grant us access from another service.
We may share some or all of your Personal Information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets.
Online Inquiry The Company may collect non-personally identifiable information, such as but not limited to your age, gender, preferences, interests, and favorites, using log files that are not associated with your name or other personally identifiable information.
Based on your sleep data, we may make inferences about your sleeping patterns and provide you with customized insights to help you improve your sleep.
Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
When we delete Personal Information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
If you completely delete all of your Personal Information, then your account may become deactivated, although your profile and any content associated therewith will remain on the Services unless you ask us to delete the account entirely.
We may disclose information about you in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, a merger, consolidation, reorganization, financing, change in control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by a third party, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding.
Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our visitors, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time.
We may retain personal information preserved in automatically generated computer back up or archival copies generated in the ordinary course of our information technology systems procedures.
Information We Derive We may derive personal information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect.
We may create anonymous, aggregated or deidentified data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect.
For the purposes discussed in this Privacy Policy, we may combine the information that we collect through the Services with information that we receive from other sources, both online and offline, and use such combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Where applicable to the product you use, we also disclose information about you to other entities, such as banking partners, credit card issuers that provide our credit cards, and credit card rewards partners (e.g., travel or shopping rewards partners) through which you can redeem rewards.
Some information identified above may be considered “sensitive” personal information in certain jurisdictions, such as financial information, login credentials, biometric information, and precise geolocation data.
With our Affiliates, Related to Corporate Transactions, the Provision of Professional Services, and Legal Disclosures - For all categories of data we collect, we disclose personal information to our affiliates and subsidiaries for business purposes, including any service providers and agents that work on our behalf.
Business and Commercial Information, such as your business contact information, the business you represent, the records regarding the products or services you purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies relating to our products or services.
We may receive financial account information about you from third-parties, such as your financial institutions.
We may also collect GPS positioning of our vehicles and data entry time stamps.
Financial and transactional information, such as credit card information, items in your online shopping cart, and purchase and transaction history.
Among Our Family of Companies: Your information may be disclosed between and among Qualcomm and our subsidiaries and affiliates and only for the purposes as outlined in Purpose and Use of Information.
Marketing data, such as data you provide when participating in our promotions or in response to our ads or marketing messages.
We may also maintain your information in identifiable form for our internal use, even if your personal data is no longer visible to the public on Baidu Products.
Slack may share Information with our corporate affiliates, parents and/or subsidiaries.
The Service employs both session cookies that expire when you close your browser and persistent cookies that remain stored on your device.
International Data Transfers Slack may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than the one in which you live, including transfers to the United States.
We also enter into agreements with service providers, contractors, and processors for processing of your information.In such transactions, including in contemplation of such transactions, your information may be among the transferred assets.
There may be technical or other operational reasons where we are unable to fully delete or de-identify your information.
3We cannot, however, guarantee absolute security of your account, your User Content or the Registration Data we collect, and we cannot promise that our security measures will prevent third party “hackers” or other unauthorized parties from illegally accessing the Services or their contents.
While we’re not required to do so, we may access, review, screen, and delete your Content at any time and for any reason, including to provide and develop the Services or if we think your Content violates these Terms and the Acceptable Use Policy.
We reserve the right to limit your ability to take advantage of multiple trials and to limit your use to one free trial.
We take no responsibility for any of your content, and we are not responsible for others’ use of your content.
We may require our vendors to maintain certain standards with respect to your User Content, but SmugMug does not guarantee that your User Content will be secure and/or available at all times during the Subscription Term.
Viber will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your Account, either with or without your knowledge.
We do not provide refunds for your original shipping cost unless your order is physically defective in some manner.
We may reclaim your account name and might make it available to other users when you have not logged into your account for 6 months or if we reasonably believe that your account name violates our Terms and/or Community Guidelines (e.g. your account name violates third party trademark).
To the extent permitted by applicable law, any fees paid for your purchase of a subscription plan are non-refundable, and we do not provide refunds for any partial subscriptions.
From time to time, SmugMug may limit the amount of User Content, including your photographs, stored via the Site.
You grant Viber, our affiliates, other users of the Services, and our business partners, an unrestricted, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, and perpetual right and license to create derivative works from, promote, exhibit, broadcast, syndicate, reproduce, distribute, synchronize, overlay graphics and auditory effects on, publicly perform, and publicly display all or any portion of your Public Content in any form and in any and all media or distribution methods, now known or later developed.
In the event of an error, whether contained in the Services, in an order confirmation, in processing an order or otherwise, we reserve the right to correct such error and charge the correct price or cancel the order, and your sole remedy in the event of such error is to cancel your order.
When you appear in, create, upload, post, or send Public Content you also grant Viber, our affiliates, other users of the Services, and our business partners, an unrestricted, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, and perpetual right and license to use the name, likeness, and voice, of anyone featured in your Public Content for commercial and non-commercial purposes.
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
All of our rights and obligations under our Terms are freely assignable by us to any of our affiliates or in connection with a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise, and we may transfer your information to any of our affiliates, successor entities, or new owner.
However, depending on your Platform settings, some of your content may still be available on the Platform after you delete your account.
You understand and acknowledge that any User Content contained in public areas of the Services, including any user galleries or other portions of the Services, is accessible to the public and could be accessed, downloaded, indexed, archived, linked to and republished by others including, without limitation, appearing on other websites and in search engine results.
Depending on your Platform settings, if other users of the Platform have used your content to create new content (e.g. by using Duet or Stitch) or shared your content on third party services, then that new content may stay on the Platform or those third party services even if you subsequently delete your content or your account.
Viber reserves the right to revise the fees at any time in its sole discretion; if you do not agree with such revisions, you may cancel the subscription as detailed below.
(If you abandon your account for a very long period of time, we may terminate it after giving you notice and an opportunity to re-activate it.) If you do not use your account for a prolonged period of time, we reserve the right to take measures against your account, including suspension or termination.
We are not responsible or liable for the removal or deletion of (or the failure to remove or delete) any of your User Content.
If You choose to share or publish Your Content, others may be able to use, sell, reproduce, modify, distribute, make available, display, transmit and communicate Your Content, and suspending or terminating access will not delete or inhibit access to any of Your Content that was earlier shared or published.
We reserve the right to discontinue the sale of any product or service at any time without notice.
We are not required to backup, host, display, or distribute any User Submissions, and may remove at any time or refuse any User Submissions.
We may decline or place quantity limits on your order at any time.
(Not necessarily, no.) In an effort to constantly improve the Riot Services, evolve our games and keep the Riot Services, safe, fun, and secure, we have the right to delete, alter, move, remove, re-package, re-price, or transfer any and all Game Content, including Virtual Content, in whole or in part, at any time, with or without notice to you, and with no liability of any kind to you.
If your email address is canceled, becomes inactive or inaccessible for an extended period of time, we may cancel your membership and delete all or part of your membership profile, to the extent allowed by law and in accordance with our security measures.
We reserve the right to display advertisements in connection with User Submissions and to use User Submissions for advertising and promotional purposes without any compensation to you.
We reserve the right to: (1) limit order quantities to reasonable amounts (in our sole discretion); (2) prohibit purchases on the Platform by retailers, distributors, or resellers; (3) discontinue or refuse to offer any product or service; (4) impose conditions on any discount, coupon or promotion; and/or (5) bar any user from completing a transaction.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction.
We hereby reserve the right to discontinue all or part of the Services at any time.
We also reserve the right to charge a fee for any of our features at any time.
We may sometimes change the purchasing power of Game Currency (for example, we might increase the number of Game Currency needed to purchase Virtual Goods, such as skins).
But our methods may be unable to detect certain ingredients, and may sometimes incorrectly identify ingredients.
Keep in mind that if you send us any information, ideas, suggestions, or other communications to us, those communications will not be confidential.
We may reject, or require that you change, any such username or password, in our sole discretion.
If your account has been inactive for more than two years, we may terminate your account without prior notice.
If you fail to provide us with documentation that we determine to be sufficient to support any such obligation to withhold Taxes from payouts to you, we may withhold payouts up to the amount as required by law, until sufficient documentation is provided.
If you make your content available through other companies’ services, it’s possible that search engines, including Google Search, will continue to find and display your content as part of their search results.
To the extent permitted by the applicable law, payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial membership periods or unused Netflix content.
Except as required by law, we are not obligated to take action in response to any report.
For example, if you shared a photo with a friend who then made a copy of it, or shared it again, then that photo may continue to appear in your friend’s Google Account even after you remove it from your Google Account.
We reserve the right to disable or remove any project or website deployment on the hobby plan with or without notice at our sole discretion.
2 You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your Account, regardless of whether the activities are undertaken by you, your employees, any third party (including your contractors or agents), your End Users, your licensees, or your customers.
Similarly, if you delete some (but not all) of the User Content designated as private on your Personal Workspace, after 30 days, such User Content will be deleted from our servers and can no longer be recovered.
Consequently, you understand and agree that such users will have the right to view, comment on and tag your publicly designated User Content.
However, some of your User Content may not be completely removed and copies of your User Content may continue to exist on the Service.
If you grant users additional permissions with respect to your User Content, you understand and agree that such users will, depending on the permissions you grant, have the ability to use, publish, display, modify, or duplicate such User Content.
Zoom may change prices for the Services at any time, in its sole discretion.
We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time.
If we reasonably expect to provide a refund to a Guest under one of these policies, we may delay release of any payout for that Reservation until a refund decision is made.
In addition to the foregoing permitted disclosures, Zoom also may disclose Customer Confidential Information to its consultants, contractors, service providers, subprocessors, and other third parties who are bound by confidentiality obligations at least as protective as the confidentiality provisions herein.
If your location is inaccurate, Zoom reserves the right to charge you any outstanding Taxes and Fees.
Finally, we may provide specific instructions and warnings within our services – such as dialog boxes that alert you to important information.
By providing Content, in whatever form and through whatever means, you grant Airbnb a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, sub-licensable and transferable license, to access, use, store, copy, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publish, transmit, stream, broadcast, and otherwise exploit in any manner such Content to provide and/or promote the Airbnb Platform, in any media or platform, known or unknown to date and in particular on Internet and social networks.
The content that may be available will vary by geographic location and will change from time to time.
Airbnb reserves the right to change the service fees at any time, and will provide Members notice of any fee changes before they become effective.
Airbnb reserves the right to change the service fees at any time, and will provide Members at least 30 days’ notice of any fee changes before they become effective.
Zoom may delete any Customer Content, at any time without notice to you if Zoom becomes aware that it violates any provision of this Agreement or any applicable Laws.
This includes using automated systems and algorithms to analyze your content: for spam, malware, and illegal content to recognize patterns in data, such as determining when to suggest a new album in Google Photos to keep related photos together to customize our services for you, such as providing recommendations and personalized search results, content, and ads (which you can change or turn off in Ads Settings) This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored. using content you’ve shared publicly to promote the services.
Any communications you send to this Website or otherwise to United by electronic mail are on a non-confidential basis, and United is under no obligation to refrain from reproducing, publishing or otherwise using them in any way for any purpose.
Except as otherwise provided on the Airbnb Platform and to the extent permitted by law, service fees are non-refundable.
You acknowledge that hosting carries inherent risks and agree that you assume the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform, offering Host Services, or any interaction you have with other Members whether in person or online.
By allowing others to access the account (which includes access to information on viewing activity for the account), you agree that such individuals are acting on your behalf and that you are bound by any changes that they may make to the account, including but not limited to changes to the subscription plan.
If you fail to update your information within the timeframe provided by us, we may suspend your use of the Airbnb Platform, until you have provided the required information.
Listings may also appear in advertisements for Airbnb published on third party websites from time to time.
You acknowledge that hosting carries inherent risks and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, you assume the risk arising out of your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform, offering Host Services, or any interaction you have with other Members whether in person or online.
By providing Content, in whatever form and through whatever means, you grant Airbnb a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license, for the term of the protection of the rights so licensed, to access, use, store, copy, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publish, transmit, stream, broadcast, and otherwise exploit in any manner such Content to provide and/or promote the Airbnb Platform, in any media or platform, known or unknown to date and in particular on Internet and social networks.
The User acknowledges that chats, conferences, bulletin boards and any other such communications forums hosted by this Website are public and not private communications.
For example, Host Services may carry risk of illness, bodily injury, disability, or death, and you freely and willfully assume those risks by choosing to participate in those Host Services.
While we always try to keep our rates as low as possible, Viber may change the rates for calling phones at any time without notice to you by posting such change at http://account.viber.com/.
Due to storage limitations and expenses, MeWe reserves the right to close and delete any user account that has not been logged in for a period of 6 months or more.
We may also disable or delete your account if it does not become active after account registration or if it remains inactive for an extended period of time.
We further reserve the right to change the subscription fees at our sole discretion.
We, our affiliates, and our third-party partners may place advertisement on the Services, which may sometimes appear near, between, over, or in your Content.
By providing any User Contribution on the Website, you grant us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our licensees, successors, and assigns an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free right to use, republish, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose.
You hereby grant SmugMug a royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable license in and to any feedback to use in any matter related to the operation of our business.
Refunds Except as provided by law or as set forth herein, all purchases are final and non-refundable.
The Company reserves the right to change or deviate from this policy at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion, with or without notice to you.
When you create, post or share content via one TikTok app, that content may be automatically posted and shared across other TikTok apps (although your privacy settings will still apply across each app).
We reserve the right to change, cancel and/or stop offering the Free Trial at any time.
Periscope reserves the right to update the TOU at any time without notice to the Company.
SmugMug reserves the right (but is not obligated) to (i) review or screen any User Content submitted to the Site or otherwise submitted through the Services; (ii) edit any User Content submitted through the Services Services (but for photos and videos this will consist of mere editing to address the technical characteristics of the Service or of Flickr Vendors, not artistic authorship); and/or (iii) remove or take down any User Content from the Services for any reason, at any time, without prior notice, at our sole discretion.
MeWe may change the fees and/or benefits associated with premium features from time to time or may immediately suspend or terminate premium features for any or no reason and without advance notice or liability.
Communities and channels that are not active for 12 months will be automatically deleted.
5.2 We may suspend or terminate access or operation of the website at any time as we see fit.
We reserve the right to modify the Terms of Use at any time.
This means that we will be entitled to reduce to practice, exploit, make, use, copy, disclose, display or perform publicly, distribute, improve and modify any Feedback you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way.
To operate our global Services, we need to store and distribute content and information in data centers and systems around the world, including outside your country of residence.
We may assign our rights to any of our affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with our services.
But by using our services, you grant us a license—which is a form of permission—to do the following with your content, in accordance with applicable legal requirements, in connection with operating, developing, and improving our services: Use, copy, store, distribute, and communicate your content in manners consistent with your use of the services. (For example, so we can store and display your content.) Publish, publicly perform, or publicly display your content if you’ve chosen to make it visible to others. (For example, so we can display your messages if you post them in certain servers or recommend that content to others.) Monitor, modify, translate, and reformat your content. (For example, so we can resize an image you post to fit on a mobile device.) Sublicense your content, to allow our services to work as intended. (For example, so we can store your content with our cloud service providers.) This license is worldwide, non-exclusive (which means you can still license your content to others), royalty-free (which means there are no fees for this license), transferable, and perpetual.
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.Cookie Policy Cookies Settings Reject All Cookies Accept All Cookies Explore Prints Get Pro Photos, people, or groups Log In Sign Up Policies & Guidelines Flickr Terms & Conditions of Use Date of Last Revision: April 30, 2020 We strive to create consistent standards for all of our users.
We allow hate speech, as defined in New York law, if it is lawful because it is lawful.
This license includes the right for us to make Your Content available for syndication, broadcast, distribution, or publication by other companies, organizations, or individuals who partner with Reddit
We reserve the right to change our pricing.
We also reserve the right, but are not required, to terminate any Hulu account that remains inactive for an extended period of time, e.g., more than one year (failure to log in to your Hulu account will constitute inactivity for purposes of this Agreement).
using our Services (directly or indirectly), you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise any and all Intellectual Property Rights you have in that content in connection with our provision, expansion, and
Additionally, we reserve the right to refuse, modify, or terminate all or part of our Services to anyone for any reason at our discretion.
Failure to meet these standards may result in eBay charging sellers additional fees, and/or limiting, restricting, suspending, or downgrading your seller account.
and late fees will apply. eBay, or the collection agencies we retain, may also report information about your account to credit bureaus, and as a result, late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in
We may change our selling fees from time to time by posting the changes on the eBay site fourteen (14) days in advance, but with no advance notice required for temporary promotions or any changes that result in the reduction of fees.
This scanning and analysis may occur before, during, or after the message is sent, or while in storage, and may result in your message being delayed or withheld. eBay may store message contents, including to conduct this scanning and analysis.
The policies and terms posted on our Services may be changed from time to time.
uploading your Content to the Marketplace, you hereby grant Redbubble and its affiliates, successors and assigns a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to distribute, host, transmit, store, use, reproduce, and publicly display, in any media formats and through
Content that was uploaded by a deleted account prior to blocking or deletion may no longer be publicly displayed on our Marketplace.
Terminating and Restricting Accounts Access to the Marketplace and any Content including, but not limited to, account usernames and Product listing pages, may be limited or terminated at any time by us without notice for any reason in our sole discretion.
We may also suspend or terminate your account for other reasons, such as prolonged inactivity, risk of legal exposure, or commercial inviability.
By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any
We may also remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, limit distribution or visibility of any Content on the service, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability to you.
Due to the high volume of bookings being made in real time, fares and prices for optional services such as baggage and reserved seats may change between the time you start searching for your ticket and the time you decide to make a purchase
ue to the high volume of bookings being made in real time, fares and prices for optional services such as baggage and reserved seats may change between the time you start searching for your ticket and the time you decide to make a purchase.
Terms and conditions, features, support, pricing, and service options subject to change without notice.
2.9 CHANGING FEES AND CHARGES We reserve the right to change our subscription plans or adjust pricing for our service or any components thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion.
We also share information about your use of our site with our advertising partners.
We reserve the right to adjust prices as we may determine in our sole discretion, at any time and without notice, including without limitation, as based on geographic or other criteria as we may establish from time to time; provided, however, that if we change the amounts or other charges associated with our various subscription plans, we will provide advance notice of such changes in accordance with Section 3.
We may use User Material for our internal business purposes, for example, to examine trends or categories or to promote, market or advertise Headspace.
By making your Content available through your use of the Services, you grant Intuit a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to host and use your Content.
Blue Apron reserves the right to change or modify these Terms at any time and in our sole discretion.
Upon any such termination, the Company may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Web Site generally.
You grant Intuit a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sublicensable, non-revocable, fully paid-up, royalty free license to use the feedback you provide to Intuit in any way.
Distribution Content may contain trackers that enable us to collect information with respect to the distribution and consumption of such content.
You grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose.
We may collect information about you and your Users when you interact with the Subscription Service as permitted by the Agreement.
Pricing may vary by location and will be based on the billing information you provide us at the time of purchase.
Pricing may vary by location
eadspace may include your User Material in Headspace’s Distribution Content that is made available to others through the Products.
Headspace may include your User Material in Headspace’s Distribution Content that is made available to others through the Products.
Be aware that Headspace has no control over User Material once it leaves the Products, and it is possible that others may duplicate material found on the Products, including, but not limited to, on other sites on the Internet.
Fees are otherwise non-refundable.
Canva reserves the right to change its prices at any time.
We reserve the right to modify this Agreement, in our sole discretion, at any time, and the modifications will be effective when posted through the Services or on our website for the Services or when we notify you by other means.
You grant Canva a royalty-free and sublicensable license to display, host, copy, store and use your User Content solely to the extent necessary to provide the Service to you.
You are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonsublicensable license to access and use the Sites and Content.
7.7 We are entitled to identify you to third parties who claim that their rights have been infringed by User Material you have submitted.
You further acknowledge and agree that Intuit may provide data in your account to any Additional Users to which that data is applicable or personal to.
We may terminate your subscription to the Free Services due to your inactivity.
Intuit may terminate a free account at any time.
You agree that Intuit may use your feedback, suggestions, or ideas in any way, including in future modifications of the Services, other products or services, advertising or marketing materials.
Changes to Terms or Services We may modify the Terms at any time, in our sole discretion.
Your purchase will be subject to Google’s applicable payment policy, which also may not provide for refunds.
Your purchase will be subject to Apple’s applicable payment policy, which also may not provide for refunds.
There are no refunds upon cancellation.
We may also retain any messages you send through the Service.
Your use of any of the video or chat features may be recorded or logged by our servers.
Accounts that remain inactive for an extended period may be categorized as inactive, and we reserve the right to close them. Account closure includes the loss of access to stored Content.
the company has the discretion to suspend or terminate user accounts for prolonged inactivity or breaches of these Terms, with or without advance notice.
If you don't log in and utilize your account periodically, we may assume it's inactive and close it. Account closure entails the loss of access to any stored Content.
After 6 months of account inactivity, your account name may be released for potential use by other users.
the company has the authority to suspend or terminate user accounts due to extended periods of inactivity or violations of these Terms, with or without prior notice.
Accounts that exhibit lengthy inactivity may be considered inactive, and we reserve the right to close them. Account closure results in the loss of access to stored Content.
the company may, at its discretion, suspend or terminate user accounts for prolonged inactivity or breaches of these Terms, with or without prior notification.
If you neglect to log in and use your account for an extended period, we may consider it inactive and proceed to close it. Account closure involves the loss of access to any stored Content.
You further agree that, to the extent not prohibited by applicable Law, Zoom may collect interest at the lesser of 1.5% per month or the highest amount permitted by Law on any Charges not paid when due.
The type, degree, and targeting of advertisements are subject to change, and you acknowledge and agree that we may place advertisements in connection with the display of any Content or information on the Services, including Your Content.
This license includes the right for us to make Your Content available for syndication, broadcast, distribution, or publication by other companies, organizations, or individuals who partner with Reddit.
General Requirements We may change the site and these Terms at any time, in our sole discretion and without notice to you.
y using the Services, you agree that Apple may automatically download and install minor updates to its software on third-party equipment from time to time.
As between you and Uber, Uber reserves the right to establish, remove and/or revise Charges for any or all services or goods obtained through the use of the Services at any time in Uber’s sole discretion.
We may share your payment information within The Walt Disney Company (e.g., Disney+, ESPN+, Marvel, Pixar, etc.), if you have consented to such sharing.
We may disclose any information necessary to satisfy our legal obligations, protect Intuit or its customers, or operate the Services properly.
User Content included in any shared Design will continue to available within that Design even after the expiration of Your Subscription.
Coinbase will not be held responsible for the decisions you make to buy, sell, or hold Digital Assets based on the information provided by Coinbase.
Transactions in virtual currency may be irreversible, and, accordingly, losses due to fraudulent or accidental transactions may not be recoverable.
When we delete your account, we may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or to comply with legal or regulatory obligations.
We may infer certain information from your interactions with the Lyft Platform and other personal information available to us.
You grant, on behalf of yourself and your Affiliates, to Stripe and its Affiliates a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license to exploit that Feedback for any purpose, including developing, improving, manufacturing, promoting, selling and maintaining the Stripe services.
We reserve the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, to update or change any portion of the Terms of Service at any time.
Upon Your Further Direction With your permission or upon your direction, we may disclose your personal information to interact with a third party or for other purposes.
You further agree that Shopify may share your contact details and the background information that you submit via the Experts Marketplace with Experts.
Lyft may also charge a fee if you fail to show up after requesting a ride.
Shopify reserves the right to determine, in our sole discretion, rightful Account ownership and transfer an Account to the rightful Store Owner.
In Connection with Sale or Merger We may disclose your personal information while negotiating or in relation to a change of corporate control such as a restructuring, merger, or sale of our assets.
In either case, you agree that Google may collect your location data when the Lyft Platform is running in order to provide and improve Google's services, that such data may also be shared with Lyft in order to improve its operations, and that Google's terms and privacy policy will apply to this usage.
All Charges are non-refundable except to the extent required by law.
We are not responsible for the use of any personal information that you disclose to other Users on the Lyft Platform or through the Rideshare Services, Lyft Services, or Third-Party Services.
We may also draw inferences from the information you provide to us, such as inferring your gender based on your first name.
At certain times, including times of high demand for Rideshare Services (“Prime Time”), you acknowledge that Charges may increase substantially.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to provide us with accurate information or to keep your Basic Subscriber Information secure.
To do this, we use your personal information to: Perform research, testing, and analysis; Develop new products, features, partnerships, and services; Prevent, find, and resolve software or hardware bugs and issues; and Monitor and improve our operations and processes, including security practices, algorithms, and other modeling.
We use your personal information to: Communicate with you about events, promotions, elections, and campaigns; Personalize and provide content, experiences, communications, and targeted advertising to promote and grow the Lyft Platform; and Help facilitate donations you choose to make through the Lyft Platform.
We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Content, including any loss or damage to any of your Content.
If a Driver reports that you have materially damaged the Driver's vehicle, you agree to pay a “Damage Fee” of up to $250 depending on the extent of the damage (as determined by Lyft in its sole discretion), towards vehicle repair or cleaning.
If we receive a credible report that you have misused or abused the Lyft Platform, you agree to pay an “Abuse Fee” of up to $250 as determined by Lyft in its sole discretion.
If you use the Lyft Platform as part of a Lyft Family account linked with others or if you direct us to share your information with trusted contacts, we will then share with those parties information about your use of the Lyft Platform, such as the live location of your ride.
If we reasonably suspect that your Square Account has been used for an unauthorized, illegal, or criminal purpose, you give us express authorization to share information about you, your Square Account, and any of your transactions with law enforcement.
We may display your Materials, including product or service listings, Your Trademarks and any other content, data, or information from your Shopify Store on the Shop App.
Except where prohibited in these Terms of Service or by applicable law, we reserve the right to modify the Services or any part thereof for any reason, without notice and at any time.
We may act to temporarily limit your use of the Evernote Service, suspend access to your account, or close your account, with or without notice according to these Terms.
Shopify does not provide refunds.
You may modify or remove your Content via your Square Account or by terminating your Square Account, but your Content may persist in historical, archived or cached copies and versions thereof available on or through the Services.
Reserves placed on business accounts We may place a reserve on your business account at any time if we believe there may be a high level of risk associated with you, your business account, your business model, or your transactions.
We may place a hold on payments sent to your PayPal account if, in our sole discretion, we believe that there may be a high level of risk associated with you, your PayPal account, or your transactions or that placing
We may, at our discretion, impose limits on the amount of money you can send, including money you send for purchases.
To protect us and our users from loss, we may delay a withdrawal, in certain situations, including if we need to confirm that you have authorized the withdrawal or if other payments to your PayPal account have been subject to
You understand and agree that, to the extent permitted by law, PayPal may, without further notice or warning, monitor or record telephone conversations you or anyone acting on your behalf has with PayPal or its agents for quality control and training purposes or for our own protection.
If you hold funds in a PayPal account in multiple currencies, and the balance for one of the currencies becomes negative for any reason, PayPal may set off the negative balance by using funds you maintain in a different currency.
For new PayPal accounts, we may take up to 20 Business Days to credit your PayPal account for the amount you think is in error.
If you engage in a Restricted Activity, PayPal may charge the High Volume Dispute fees for all current and future disputes, irrespective of your dispute ratio or sales volumes, given PayPal’s increased involvement as a result of such Restricted Activity.
The type, degree, and targeting of ads are subject to change, and you acknowledge and agree that we may place ads in connection with the display of any Content or information on the services, including Your Content.
We also collect and share personal data with third party service providers acting on our behalf, including providers of analytics services that may record or log your activities on our services, including text you enter, pages you visit, and features you interact with.
As such, you hereby irrevocably grant us world-wide, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, assignable, sublicensable, transferable rights to use Your Content for any purpose.
Yelp and its licensees may publicly display advertisements, paid content, and other information nearby or in association with Your Content.
If you refuse to cooperate, we may cancel your project and/or your account, suspend payout of campaign funding until we are satisfied or force refunds, or take any other action we deem appropriate in our sole discretion.
By submitting a company review or otherwise providing information, ratings, or answers to questions about your former or current employer, you agree that such User Content may be shown publicly on or through the Site and may include your job title, job location, whether you are a current or former employee, and the date on which you provided the User Content.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THERE IS NO PROTECTION FOR ANY INFORMATION YOU SHARE OR DATA THAT YOU TRANSMIT WHILE PARTICIPATING IN VIRTUAL INTERVIEWS INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, AUDIO/VISUAL CONTENT, INTERVIEW QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS, OR YOUR IMAGE OR LIKENESS.
If your balance becomes negative, we reserve the right to recover those funds from future payments.
Please note: Certain services purchased on or through the Wix Services may be non-refundable altogether.
We may use Your Content in a number of different ways, including by publicly displaying it, reformatting it, incorporating it into advertisements and other works, creating derivative works from it, promoting it, distributing it, and allowing others to do the same in connection with their own websites and media platforms (“Other Media”).
We endeavor to offer opportunities to use our services while preserving your anonymity, However, you acknowledge that Glassdoor cannot guarantee your anonymity as, depending on your specific situation and circumstances and the contents of your Content, even semi-/anonymous identifiers, such as company or job title, especially when paired with other information such as your location, may allow someone to identify you or narrow down your identity to a small group of people (e.g., employees in a particular department at your company).
PAYMENTS ARE NONREFUNDABLE AND THERE ARE NO REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR PARTIALLY USED PERIODIC ALLOTMENTS UNDER THE APPLICABLE RESUME SUBSCRIPTION OR PLAN.
Our payment processor fees may vary slightly based on your location.
We may suspend or terminate your account(s) or your access to parts of the services, for any or no reason, without notice to you.
We have the right to reject, cancel, interrupt, remove, or suspend any project, at any time and for any reason.
Indeed reserves the right to cancel any subscription at any time and for any or no reason.
We may use your personal information and activity to personalize: The jobs we recommend to you or show you in search results; The groups, people, or Content we recommend you join or view; and The advertisements we show you.
We have the right to force refunds of amounts collected by our payment processor prior to payout if we deem it necessary, appropriate or desirable in order to resolve any dispute that may arise between a creator and any third party related to the creator’s use of our Site or Services.
By choosing to provide your demographic data you agree that Indeed may use it to evaluate and improve our products, and share aggregate summaries of job seeker information with employers.
You agree that Glassdoor may, at its sole discretion, remove or prevent the posting of any job ad for any or no reason.
When available, we will use your location, your Profile, and your activity on our services (e.g., pages you view, Content you interact with, jobs you search for) to personalize your experience.
When You Use Our Site By using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that Indeed collects, records, processes, analyzes, and stores any and all activities you take on the Site, and any and all interactions and communications you have with, on, or through the Site.
Indeed may also send emails to Job Seekers on your behalf indicating that your Job Listing is potentially a match for the Job Seeker’s resume.
Kickstarter is not responsible for cancellations or refunds.
You agree that this license includes the right for us to provide, promote, and improve the services and to make Content submitted to or through the services available to other companies, organizations, or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, promotion, or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use.
Access to Your User Content Khan Academy may permit Users to share their User Content with a select group of other Users, or make their User Content public for all (even non-Services users) to view.
By choosing to record Virtual Interviews through the Site, you agree that third-party providers and Indeed can store and access the recording.
By using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that Indeed collects, records, processes, analyzes, and stores any and all information you provide and activities you take on the Site, and any and all interactions and communications you have with, on, or through the Site.
Indeed reserves the right to disclose all User Content, and any other relevant information and circumstances, to any third party in connection with operating the Site; to protect itself, its affiliates, its partners and its visitors; and to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.Indeed may reject, remove, or limit visibility to any User Content (as defined below), and Indeed may disable any account or restrict your ability to use all or parts of the Site, for any or no reason without notice.
Indeed reserves the right to offer different pricing models at different times in different circumstances, in limited quantities, in limited locations, and for a limited time, or to set any pricing model as default.
We may, at any time and without liability, modify or discontinue all or part of the Site (including access to the Site via any third-party links); charge, modify or waive any fees required to use the Site; or offer opportunities to some or all Site users.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, INDEED IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR SECURING OR PROTECTING ANY DATA OR INFORMATION THAT YOU SHARE OR TRANSMIT DURING YOUR USE OF VIRTUAL INTERVIEWS.
Resumes set to Searchable, including yours, can be copied by search engines and other third parties accessing the Site, who can then make those Resumes publicly available elsewhere.
Deleting Your Account You can delete your account at any time, but doing so may not automatically remove all content.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Services with notice to you if Dropbox reasonably believes: you’re in breach of these Terms, your use of the Services would cause a real risk of harm or loss to us or other users, or you don’t have a Paid Account and haven't accessed our Services for 12 consecutive months.
Spotify may reclaim, or require you to change, your username for any reason
In posting or sharing User Content or other information on the Spotify Service, please keep in mind that content and other information will be publicly accessible, and may be used and re-shared by others on the Spotify Service and across the web, so please use caution in posting or sharing on the Spotify Service, and be mindful of your account settings.
In any part of the Spotify Service, the Content that you access, including its selection and placement, may be influenced by commercial considerations, including Spotify's agreements with third parties.
Accordingly, we may not be held liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage caused to you in connection with any Content posted by another member.
Salesforce will not be liable for any loss incurred as a result of an unauthorized use of a username/password or account.
By using our Services and Software, you authorize Adobe to transfer your personal information across national borders and to other countries where Adobe and its partners operate.
We may assign or transfer our rights under the Terms to a third party without your consent.
For PhoneGap, we reserve the right to monitor and enforce subscription plan limits and restrictions, including, but not limited to, the right to charge for overages
Our software may automatically download and install security or other updates without prior notification to you.
We may, at our discretion, impose limits on the amount of money you can send, including money you send for purchases
We may display advertisements on your website and domain unless you have purchased a plan that includes the removal of ads.
We’re not responsible for refunding fees paid to a website owner because those transactions are between website owners and their users
This license also allows us to make any publicly-posted Content available to select third parties (through Firehose, for example) so that these third parties can analyze and distribute (but not publicly display) the Content through their services
If we provide you with a refund for your purchase of Built By WordPress.com Express, you may not use the website or its layout, web design, content, or other development we have provided to you, and we reserve the right to delete or revert the website to its previous state. b.
As stated in our Privacy Policy, where permitted by law, if you register a Bitly Account with an email address on a domain owned by an organization, such as your employer, we may share your email address and information about your Account with our sales team and the business, including our group companies, to explore the business’ interest in creating or managing an enterprise account, provide information on other services you might be interested in, or for related purposes.
Fees are non-refundable except as required by law or as otherwise specifically permitted in this Agreement
Google may change Fees at any time.
Late payments may bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (or the highest rate permitted by law, if less).
We may collect certain information about you and individuals associated with you, such as your employees, in connection with your use of the Self-Serve Services.
We are not responsible for disclosure, use, change to or deletion of your data and will not be liable to you or any third party for access to your data by a Third-Party Service.
You understand that we may also continue to make your User Content available on the Site even if your use of the Site is terminated or suspended.
We also reserve the right to make changes or updates to the Site or Content provided on or through the Site at any time without notice and we will own any such changes or updates (excluding User Content).
We may use and display your name, logo, and a description of how you use our services on our website, in earnings releases, and in other marketing materials.
Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, payment obligations are non-cancelable and fees, Taxes, and Communications Surcharges (collectively, “Fees”), once paid, are non-refundable.
We reserve the right to increase pricing for our monthly Plans at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion.
We are not responsible or liable for any changes to, or deletion of, your data by the Third-Party Services.
Sprout Social reserves the right to increase subscription fees for your annual Plan on your Annual Pay Date; provided, however, that such increase shall not exceed 7% over the fees related to the immediately preceding subscription term unless we provide you notice of different pricing at least sixty (60) days prior to the Annual Pay Date.Sprout Social reserves the right to increase subscription fees upon renewal; provided, however, that such increase shall not exceed 7% over the fees related to the immediately preceding subscription term unless we provide you notice of different pricing at least sixty (60) days prior to the applicable renewal term.
SurveyMonkey may change the fees charged to you for the Services at any time, provided that, for Subscriptions, the change will become effective only at the end of the then-current billing cycle of your Subscription.
SurveyMonkey may close your account and delete any Content contained in it if there is no account activity (such as a log in event or payment) for over 12 months.
Fees paid by you are non-refundable, except as provided in these Terms or when required by law (see Section 11 for more information).
Except as set out in our Privacy Notice, and as may be required under applicable law, SurveyMonkey has no obligation to retain your Content upon closure of your account.
Where permitted under applicable law, this license for such limited purposes continues even after you stop using our Services, with respect to aggregate and de-identified data derived from your Content and any residual backup copies of your Content made in the ordinary course of SurveyMonkey's business (subject to our retention policies).
We may preserve Your Content, Your Trademarks, Registration Data, and all other data associated with your account, and may also disclose Your Content, Your Trademarks, Registrations Data, and all other data associated with your account account if required to do
Your Content and Your Trademarks may be displayed on the Services in proximate distance to any Site Content or any third-party content, including content that is substantially similar or competing with yours, and we do not guarantee your exclusivity as an Organizer in any category.
We may also cancel any ticket or merchandise order, and tickets or merchandise acquired through your order.
We also may remove accounts of members who are inactive for an extended period of time.
If we terminate, suspend, or remove your account in connection with violation of this Agreement, we are not obligated to refund any organizer subscription fees paid to Meetup.
your User Content may be publicly viewable and will be accessible and viewed by third parties; and (iii) Poshmark will not be liable for any treatment of your User Content as public and non-confidential or for the use of your
Sellers acknowledge and agree that if such items are in the possession of Poshmark, Poshmark may determine, in its sole discretion, whether to return, retain, destroy, or otherwise dispose of such canceled item.
You should note that even if your Account is deactivated, some of your data may persist and appear within the Service, for example where your User Content has been re-shared by others.
User Content removed from the Service may continue to be stored by us, including in order to comply with legal obligations, or where your User Content has been shared by others.
If you delete your User Content: It may continue to appear on our Service, if you have shared your User Content with other users.
By using the Site or Platform Service, you expressly agree that any information you provide via uploading or posting will be at your sole risk and we shall not be responsible to you or any third party in any way under any circumstance for any such information or other Content you provide to eGifter.
The license you give us allows us to—solely for the purposes outlined above—store, reproduce, use, publish, and publicly display (to show your User Content to you), modify, and create derivative works of (such as providing writing suggestions and autocorrecting words) your User Content.
If you don’t pay for your paid account on time, we reserve the right to suspend it or reduce your access to the free version of our products.
We may freely assign our rights, duties, and obligations under these Terms at any time, with or without notice to you.
We may revise these Terms, including changing, deleting, or supplementing with additional terms and conditions from time to time in our sole discretion, including to reflect changes in applicable law.
Subscription and usage or overage fees (and any other fees associated with the Dropbox Sign Services, including higher subscription fees for upgrades) are non-refundable and non-creditable, except where required by law.
We reserve the right to change the prices, features, or options included in a particular Subscription Plan without notice, provided that such changes shall not take effect until your next applicable Subscription Term (as defined below).‍ 8.2 Recurring Charges and Upgrades.
If your organization has more users than purchased accounts, Box may place reasonable restrictions on your account until you adequately address your excess users (such as restricting or limiting your organization’s ability to deploy additional accounts).
Fourteen (14) days after that attempted notice, if you do not respond or change the email address associated with your account, your account may be deactivated, and Content associated with your account may be deleted.
managed by an organization, you understand that this organization has rights to your account and may: (a) manage your account (including suspending or canceling); (b) reset your password; (c) view your usage and profile data, including how and when your
Some of the Service may be supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions, and you hereby agree that we may place such advertising and promotions on the Service or on, about, or in conjunction with your Content.
Kindly note, however, that we reserve the right to revoke refund privileges (on an individual basis) if we determine abuse of this policy has occurred.
From time to time, we may change the price of any Service or charge for use of Services that are currently available free of charge.
As such, You also acknowledge that if Your Dailymotion Account remains inactive for a significant period of time, Dailymotion reserves the right to delete, reclaim or remove Your Dailymotion Account in its sole discretion with or without prior notice to You.
Additionally, pursuant to then-current inactive content and accounts rules, we reserve the right to delete Your inactive Content and/or Your Dailymotion Account from our Service.
We may terminate your account and delete any content contained in it if there is no account activity (such as a log in event or payment) for over 12 months.
This includes making your Student Content available to other companies, organizations, or individuals who partner with Skillshare for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, or publication of content on other media, as well as using your Student Content for marketing purposes.
Note that despite the removal (i.e. unavailability of Your Content) for technical reasons related to the Dailymotion Service the video files and/or metadata associated with Your Content may remain in our systems.
Content or other material made available on or through the Service may be copied, modified, reproduced, duplicated, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, sold, transferred, publicly displayed, distributed, or used by other users to create derivative works, in any way, without written
When Your Content includes Third-Party Personal Data, use of Content related features may result in transfer of such Personal Data outside the EEA.
Skillshare is not obliged to offer refunds for Tickets purchased for a specific date, should you change your mind about your purchase or fail to attend the Event.
Note that Dailymotion reserves the right to charge You for all reasonable costs and expenses related to assisting You with such requests.
Changes may be made to the Terms at any time without notice.
Intuit may change the price for recurring subscription fees from time to time with notice to you.
Intuit will own all such data and may use this data without restriction, including, but not limited to, operating, analyzing, improving, or marketing Intuit’s products and services, including the Platform.
Intuit may assign this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
You specifically authorize Rumble as your Agent to combine the Content with other images, text, graphics, file, audio, audio-visual works; and alter, modify and crop the Content at Rumble's sole discretion, and hereby waive any reservation of moral rights in and to the Content.
Empower reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to amend or change its pricing policy for its current Services or any additional services that we may offer.
We may delegate, transfer or assign this Agreement or some or all of our rights and obligations hereunder, in our sole discretion, to any of our affiliates or subsidiaries.
You acknowledge that Retailers may update pricing in real time, which may not immediately be reflected on In-Store Features and/or result in changes to prices on In-Store Features during your shopping experience.
Instacart reserves the right to cap or adjust the amount of Credit in your account to the extent that your total Instacart credit balance would exceed $1,500 or have more than $2,000 of Instacart credits associated with your account in a single day.
You grant Instacart a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub licenseable, perpetual license to use, store, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, or distribute any such content, and to use the content to train, test, or otherwise enhance our machine learning algorithms, for the purposes of operating, providing, and improving the Services.
Instacart reserves the right to modify or terminate any additional benefits or features at any time and you agree that such additional perks or benefits are not guaranteed as part of your membership.
Instacart reserves the right to decline orders, refuse partial or full delivery, terminate or restrict access to accounts or Services, and/or cancel orders at any time in its sole discretion.
Instacart may change the fees it charges for the Services, including but not limited to delivery fees, priority fees, service fees (including additional service fees and/or surcharges to help offset specific costs), alcohol service fees, heavy order fees, direct-to-consumer shipping
If you scan items incorrectly on multiple occasions, in addition to any of our other rights including under these Terms, we may suspend, disable or terminate your ability to use Scan & Pay and/or the Services.
Unless otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, all fees (including, without limitation, the Task Payment and all Taskrabbit fees) are non-refundable.
Taskrabbit is entitled to identify a User to other Users or to third parties who claim that their rights have been infringed by User Generated Content submitted by that User, so that they may attempt to resolve the claim directly.
Namecheap may lock your affiliate account immediately and withhold payment of any/all commissions without further notice if you fail to remove the Namecheap logo from Your Site upon request.
We reserve the right to terminate unpaid user accounts that are inactive for a continuous period of 120 days. In the event of such termination, all data associated with such user account will be deleted.
Shutterstock (or third parties acting on its behalf) may collect information related to your use of the Site.
Your Content and Your Trademarks may be displayed on the Services in proximate distance to any Site Content or any third-party content, including content that is substantially similar or competing with yours, and we do not guarantee your exclusivity as an Organizer in any category
You grant Twilio the right to use and display your name, logo, and a description of your use case(s) on Twilio’s website, in earnings releases and calls, and in marketing and promotional materials, subject to your standard trademark usage guidelines that you expressly provide to Twilio. 5.
Your Content Is Public You understand and agree that (i) the User Content you Post is not confidential and will be treated as non-confidential; (ii) your User Content may be publicly viewable and will be accessible and viewed by third parties; and (iii) Poshmark will not be liable for any treatment of your User Content as public and non-confidential or for the use of your User Content by third parties.
GoFundMe may, at any time, assign our rights or delegate our obligations hereunder without notice to you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of equity or assets, or by operation of law or otherwise.
By using the Services, you understand and agree that GoFundMe is not responsible for the use of your Donations or the amount of funds raised for the User or Fundraiser. Donors: All Donations are at your own risk.
We may also withhold all or any part of the Creator Earnings due to you but not yet paid out if we receive notice that you have secured, encumbered, pledged, assigned, or otherwise allowed a lien to be placed on Creator Earnings.
You understand and agree that you are not entitled to any Creator Earnings earned on any Co-Authored Content in which you appear but which is posted on another Creator’s account. If you post Co-Authored Content on your account, we may require you to provide valid and complete legal information for all individuals which appear in the Co-Authored Content.
If you Post a photograph or image to the Service that includes one or more persons, you hereby grant such persons and their administrators, guardians, heirs, and trustees, if any, an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty free, fully paid-up, worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, and publicly display that photograph for personal use and through any online platform or service, including the Service, Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Twitter, but not to promote any third-party product, good, or service.
You acknowledge and agree that Pluralsight reserves the right to, and may from time to time, monitor any and all information (including User Content) transmitted or received through the Service for operational and other purposes. If at any time Pluralsight chooses to monitor the information or User Content, then Pluralsight still assumes no responsibility or liability for content or any loss or damage incurred as a result of the use of content
By Posting User Content to or via the Service, you grant edX and, with respect to each Offering, the relevant Member(s), a worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid right and license (with the right to sublicense through multiple tiers) to host, store, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform (including by means of a digital audio transmission), communicate to the public, reproduce, modify for the purpose of formatting for display, create derivative works as authorized in these Terms, and distribute your User Content, in whole or in part, in any media formats and through any media channels, in each instance whether now known or hereafter developed.
Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding Skillshare or the Service is entirely voluntary and you authorize Skillshare to use and share this content with anyone, distribute it and promote it on Services and in any media, and to make modifications or edits to it as we see fit, without any obligation to you
There may be a significant difference in the quoted price for a stock between the time You enter Your order and the time the order is executed. You agree that VBS is not responsible for any potential market fluctuations, or alleged trading losses, during this time period.
Your access to your Binance Account and the Transaction limits that apply to your use of the Binance Services may be altered as a result of information collected about you on an ongoing basis.
We may be required under these Terms or Applicable Law to share information about your Binance Account and Account History with third parties and Binance Affiliates. You acknowledge and agree that we are entitled to disclose such information
If you owe us an amount in one Digital Asset and do not have sufficient assets in that Digital Asset, we may deduct the sums owed in another Digital Asset to effect payment (in which case we will convert the Digital Asset you hold into the Digital Asset in which the sums owed to us are denominated (or the Fiat Currency equivalent), at the rate currently offered on the Platform or at such other commercially reasonable rate as we may determine)
However, we may assign or transfer any of our rights or obligations under the Terms at any time to anyone else, including, without limitation, in connection with any merger, acquisition, or other corporate reorganisation involving Binance. 36.6.
Records. You agree that we may record any telephone, email and chat conversations with you, as well as any other forms of communications, including communication used to give Instructions or effect Transactions, between you and us, and that the recordings may be used as evidence in any proceedings relating to any agreement with you
You acknowledge and agree that HostGator may, but is not obligated to, monitor your Store and may take any corrective action in HostGator's sole discretion, including without limitation removal of all or a portion of the Store Content, and suspension or termination of any and all Services without refund of any pre-paid fees.
As set-off applies to any group company, if you have £10,000 in an account with us and you owe £1,000 to another group company, we can take £1,000 from your account to pay off the overdue amounts you owe (even if you owe that amount to the group company jointly with another person)
Verizon may assign its rights and duties under these Terms to any party at any time without notice to you. Your rights and duties under these Terms are not assignable by you without our written consent.
When you interact with Erica by voice, the discussions are recorded and saved for 90 days so they can be analyzed to help refine listening skills. You acknowledge that once you invoke the microphone in a session, Erica may capture, record, and transcribe other voices in addition to yours, and may continue recording for a period of time (up to 15 seconds) unless you close Erica or log out of the mobile app.
By uploading your Content to the Platform, you also grant a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid up, license to other users of the Platform, and to operators and users of any other websites, apps andor platforms to which your Content has been shared or embedded using the Services Linked Services, to use, copy, listen to offline, repost, transmit or otherwise distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, adapt, prepare derivative works of, compile, make available and otherwise communicate to the public, your Content utilizing the features of the Platform from time to time, and within the parameters set by you using the Services.
By making Your Content available on or through the Fitbit Service you hereby grant to Fitbit a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, modify, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, translate, create derivative works from, and distribute Your Content, in whole or in part, including your name and likeness, in any media.
In certain cases we may destroy samples and/or extracted DNA to maintain biobank quality levels; Allow certain of our laboratory partners to use a portion of activated or inactivated samples to calibrate or validate instruments, equipment, or laboratory methods used in providing DNA Services; and Use your Genetic Information and other Personal Information as described in these Terms and the Privacy Statement.
Ancestry has no responsibility if you elect to share or transfer your downloaded DNA Data with others, either intentionally or inadvertently. Your DNA Data is intended only for your personal use.
If Ancestry or any Service provider is acquired or transferred to another entity (in whole or part, and including in connection with bankruptcy or similar proceedings), you agree that Ancestry may share your Personal Information and Your Content with that entity. You may not assign or transfer any of your rights and obligations under these Terms without Ancestry’s written consent.
Store your DNA Data; Store your sample and any extracted DNA in a biobank located in the United States, or destroy any remaining sample and extracted DNA after your sample has been processed; once submitted to us, your sample, including any extracted DNA, cannot be returned to you
Many of the genetic discoveries that we report have not been clinically validated, and the technology we use, which is the same technology used by the research community, to date has not been widely used for clinical testing.
f you do make a Submission, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant AccuWeather and its affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferrable and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, host, cache, store, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and publicly display the Submission throughout the world in any media (e.g., websites, applications, television, etc.) for any purpose. You also grant us the right (but we shall have no obligation) to use the name, email address and/or user ID (if applicable) under which you posted the Submission, if we choose.
Use of Name and Likeness: You grant AccuWeather and its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, contractors, and licensees, without additional compensation or attribution to You, the right to record, use, and reuse Your voice, actions, likeness, name, appearance, image, location, profile photograph, performance, biographical material, and any other identifying information, including, without limitation, any information contained in Your User Content, in connection with any use of Your User Content.
AccuWeather reserves the right to delete, remove, or take down Your User Content at any time for any reason without notice to You. 2.
Packages, once purchased, are nonrefundable, regardless of use or lack of use by you. Absolutely no credits or refunds are available for month-to-month or one-time fee-based services, including, without limitation, mobile/wireless service packages.
By submitting, posting, or otherwise providing us your Feedback, you hereby grant us a non-exclusive unrestricted, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, sub-licenseable, royalty-free license to use your Feedback in any manner and for any purpose to provide, optimize, improve, promote or market our Services, and to create new products and services. This license includes the right to use your name, persona, user name, and likeness for the foregoing purposes without compensating you, all in accordance with our Privacy Statement.
We may access, use, preserve, transfer or disclose, at any time and without notice to you, any information (including Personal Information as defined in our Privacy Statement) as reasonably necessary to
Crunchyroll reserves the right in its sole discretion, at any time, to modify, discontinue or terminate the Site or Services or to modify or terminate these Terms of Use without advance notice.
Crunchyroll may assign these Terms of Use or any rights hereunder without your consent.
We and our vendors use cookies, scripts, and other technologies to collect information on a real-time basis about how you use and navigate our Services. This may include your IP address, as well as information about your browsing behavior, page visits, clicks and cursor movements and searches on our sites.
We may, without your consent, freely assign these Terms and our rights and obligations under these Terms, whether to an Affiliate or to another entity, in connection with a corporate transaction or otherwise. 20.
We do not control (and cannot disclose) fees levied by your bank and/or credit card company, including fees for purchasing tickets and registrations in foreign currencies or from foreign persons.
3. We are not liable for the acts or omissions of any third parties, including third parties that help us provide the Services, that an Organizer chooses to assist with an event, or that you choose to use or contract with when using the Services.
We reserve the right to modify, replace, or discontinue any part of the Services or the entire Services at any time and for any reason.
We do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any Site Content, advertising, offers, products, services, or other materials on or available from such websites or resources and are not responsible for any damages or losses related to them, even if such websites or resources are connected with our partners or third-party service providers. For example, if you purchase ticket insurance on the Site from a third party, your contractual relationship is with the third-party ticket insurance provider, not with us.
Consider the following examples: if you submit your logo or other images associated with one of Your Eventbrite Events, we can display them on our website and resize or enhance them so that they look good on our Applications, or use them with our marketing tools to help you promote Your Eventbrite Events; we may feature details from one of Your Eventbrite Events in a blog, case study, or shareholder letter to highlight the impact made by Your Eventbrite Events. You hereby waive any and all moral rights in connection with our use of Your Content in accordance with the licenses in this Section 16.
You grant Groupon a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, transferrable, worldwide license and right to use, commercial use, display and distribute any Personal Information in connection with your User Content in accordance with these Terms of Use, including, without limitation, a right to offer for sale and to sell such rights in Personal Information, whether the User Content appears alone or as part of other works, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereinafter developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees, all without compensation to you.
Some User Content you submit to Groupon may be displayed or may give you the option to display in connection with your Personal Information, or a portion of your Personal Information, including, without limitation, your name, initials, username, social networking website user account name, image, likeness, preferences, voice, and location. You grant Groupon a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, transferrable, worldwide license and right to use, commercial use, display and distribute any Personal Information in connection with your User Content in accordance with these Terms of Use, including, without limitation, a right to offer for sale and to sell such rights in Personal Information, whether the User Content appears alone or as part of other works, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereinafter developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees, all without compensation to you.
Certain Merchant Offerings, Products, other available programs and pricing on the Site may change at any time in Groupon’s sole discretion, without notice. 2.
Our fees are not refundable unless this is stated otherwise during the booking process.
By posting User Content within any Service, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to LendingClub an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part) and distribute such User Content for any purpose on or in connection with any Service or the promotion thereof, to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such User Content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing.
We may alter or cancel pending Cashback for any reason, including without limitation: (i) charge-backs, (ii) product returns, (iii) duplicate entries or other accounting errors, (iv) the Merchant's non-payment, (v) the Merchant's non-receipt of payment; (vi) the Merchant's refund of payment to the purchaser; (vii) the Merchant's withdrawal from Stackit participation; (viii) alteration or cancellation of the Merchant's program; (ix) non-bona fide transactions, (x) our inability to contact you in order to validate transactions, (xi) your distribution of Links via Unapproved Channels, or (xii) your failure to comply with these Terms of Use or any Merchant policies or terms.
Further, we are not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages (including but not limited to lost opportunity costs, purchase of replacement product/s, and/or time of assembly) arising or resulting from your receipt of incorrect or incomplete product/s that you received as a result of a purchase on the Sites.
When you share Your Content with other people, you understand that they may be able to, on a worldwide basis, use, save, record, reproduce, broadcast, transmit, share and display Your Content for the purpose that you made Your Content available on the Services without compensating you. If you do not want others to have that ability, do not use the Services to share Your Content.
We may assign these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time without notice to you.
To the extent necessary to provide the Services to you and others, to protect you and the Services, and to improve Microsoft products and services, you grant to Microsoft a worldwide and royalty-free intellectual property license to use Your Content, for example, to make copies of, retain, transmit, reformat, display, and distribute via communication tools Your Content on the Services. If you publish Your Content in areas of the Service where it is available broadly online without restrictions, Your Content may appear in demonstrations or materials that promote the Service.
f you choose to link your Microsoft Xbox Services account with your account on a non-Microsoft service or sign in to your Xbox Services account to access a non-Microsoft Service (for example, a non-Microsoft game publisher of Third-Party Apps and Services), you agree that: (a) Microsoft may share limited account and usage-related information (including without limitation gamertag, gamerscore, game history, usage data and friends list), with that non-Microsoft party as stated in the Microsoft Privacy Statement, and (b) if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, the non-Microsoft party may also have access to Your Content from in-game communications or other applications that you use when you are signed into your account with that non-Microsoft party. Also, if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, Microsoft can publish your name, gamertag, gamerpic, motto, avatar, gameclips and games that you’ve played in communications to people you allow. iii.
Unless otherwise provided by law or by a particular Service offer, all purchases are final and non-refundable. If you believe that Microsoft has charged you in error, you must contact us within 90 days of such charge.
f you do, you agree that the owner of the domain associated with your email address may be notified of the existence of your Microsoft account and its associated subscriptions, control and administer your account, and access and process your Data, including the contents of your communications and files, and that Microsoft may notify the owner of the domain if the account or Data is compromised.
Your Content. As part of building the Xbox Services community, you grant to Microsoft, its affiliates and sublicensees a free and worldwide right to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, broadcast, share and display Your Content or your name, gamertag, motto, or avatar that you posted for any Xbox Services. iv.
By submitting an Image, you acknowledge and agree that we may use your photographic image and likeness (and the photographic image and likeness of any other persons shown therein) for any purposes, including advertising or promotional purposes, in any and all media now or hereafter known without further compensation, notification, credit, or release and without limitation as to time or territory. 27.6.
We may in our sole and absolute discretion change our Service Fees at any time, including after you list your Tickets
We may charge and/or retain Service Fees if you do not fulfill your contractual obligations under this User Agreement.
We may amend these Terms at any time by posting the amended terms on our Website and/ or by amending the Terms as they are accessed from the Application on your Device. It is your responsibility to review these Terms from time to time to check if they have been amended.
We may change the Truecaller Fees from time to time by posting the changes in or on the Services or by notifying You in advance. All fees are, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as required by applicable law, non-refundable.
We reserve the right to adjust pricing for our service or any components thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion.
We may charge and/or retain Service Fees if you do not fulfill your contractual obligations under this User Agreement
Your Rewards Account may be cancelled (and your Points forfeited) if you do not log in to your Microsoft account for 18 consecutive months.
Provided an SNS permits this, we can capture and make available on the Site and through the Apps the photos and other content that you have stored in your account(s) with such SNSs (“SNS Content”). By granting us access to
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF ANY OF THE SITES AND APPS AFTER WE POST ANY CHANGES WILL CONSTITUTE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH CHANGES. IN ADDITION, BY ORDERING PRODUCTS OR USING SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND REVIEWED THESE TERMS
Once you start using Shazam, you hereby agree to waive any right to a limited period in which you could revoke your purchase or claim a refund upon cancellation of your purchase (also known as a cooling off period) (if any) available to you under any applicable e-commerce regulations or consumer protection laws.
Testimonials: You acknowledge and agree that all testimonials submitted to Rocket Mortgage will become and remain our exclusive property, even if the provisions of these Terms of Use are later modified or terminated. This means that you irrevocably grant to Rocket Mortgage the unrestricted right (now and in the future, without notice, compensation or other obligation to you or any other person) to use your statement, image, likeness, as they may be used, in any medium, in connection with an advertisement or for any other publicity purpose.
This means that you irrevocably grant to Rocket Mortgage the unrestricted right (now and in the future, without notice, compensation or other obligation to you or any other person) to use your statement, image, likeness, as they may be used, in any medium, in connection with an advertisement or for any other publicity purpose. You further agree that Rocket Mortgage may use any percentage of your testimonial, image, likeness and/or works, in any way that it sees fit, and may exclude your name or use a fictions name herewith.
Revisions And Modifications You agree and acknowledge that we may revise or change these Terms of Use at any time, without notice to you, and you agree that you will be bound by the provisions of these Terms of Use as they appear on this application at the time you access this application.
In addition, you agree and acknowledge that all other content, services, products and materials on or available through this application are subject to updating and revision without notice to you. You further acknowledge and agree that individual modifications to the
PAYMENTS ARE NONREFUNDABLE AND THERE ARE NO PRORATED REFUNDS OF ANY FEES UPON ANY TERMINATION OR CANCELLATION. Fees are refundable in Crunchyroll's sole discretion.
We reserve the right to adjust pricing for our service or any components thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in these Terms
The fees for membership plans may change at any time. Fees may be subject to tax, collected by us or a third party through which you transact, and are non-refundable except in the specific circumstances described in these Terms.
Credits may only be redeemed on the Service, have no cash value, are non-transferrable and non-refundable.
Agreement Changes We may, in our discretion, change the Terms and all elements of them and any aspect of the Service, without notice to you. If any change to the Terms is found invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable,
By submitting any such information to VistaPrint, you agree that you are transferring and assigning, at no charge, all of your right, title and interest in the information, including all copyrights and other intellectual property rights. You agree that VistaPrint shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis.
Prices, Availability, And Errors Products on the Sites are subject to change without notice. Errors will be corrected when discovered.
VistaPrint reserves the right to make changes to this Site and to these VistaPrint Terms at any time without prior notice.
VistaPrint usage rights for your Instagram photos - When you respond #YesVistaPrint to our request to feature your photo in our marketing, you grant us the usage rights to display your Instagram photo on our VistaPrint Instagram account and in any other content as further explained in our Permission to Use Image Agreement.
Data obtained from you may include your mobile phone number, your carrier's name, your opt-out status, and the date, time, and content of your messages.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that we may assign or transfer the Agreement without your consent.
You hereby waive (x) any “moral rights” associated with the User Generated Content (to the extent allowable by law); and (y) all claims relevant to the User Generated Content and Taskrabbit’s use thereof and of your Likeness.
You hereby waive (x) any “moral rights” associated with the User Generated Content (to the extent allowable by law); and (y) all claims relevant to the User Generated Content and Taskrabbit’s use thereof and of your Likeness. You release the Taskrabbit Parties (defined below) from, and shall hold such parties harmless from and against, any and all Liabilities (defined below), (including, without limitation, for defamation, malicious falsehood, invasion of right to privacy, data protection, publicity or personality or any similar matter), based upon or relating to Taskrabbit’s use and exploitation of such User Generated Content and your Likeness as permitted herein.
TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, YOU HEREBY WAIVE THE PROTECTIONS OF CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE § 1542, WHICH READS AS FOLLOWS: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.” If you are not a California resident, you waive your rights under any statute, regulation, or common law principle similar to Section 1542 that governs your rights in the jurisdiction of your residence
By using Voice Controls, you acknowledge and agree to the following: (a) TripIt will treat communications via Voice Controls as being authorized by you, even if you are not the individual using Voice Controls, (b) your communications might be “public” because you may be overheard interacting with the Service, (c) the device through which you use Voice Controls may record some or all of your interactions with the Service, and (d) third parties from which you license your device operating system or that provide skill or application platforms that enable compatible devices to be controlled by Voice Controls (“Third-Party Providers”) may receive, store, and use your communications in accordance with their device or skill user terms and privacy policies.TripIt reserves the right to modify or replace this Agreement at any time and in TripIt’s sole discretion.
Should it come to our attention that you have engaged in behavior that violates our terms of service, you may be subjected to additional fines or fees as determined by our policies.
In the event that your actions are found to be in breach of our guidelines, we reserve the right to impose supplementary charges or penalties, at our discretion.
If we ascertain that you have not adhered to the stipulated regulations, extra financial penalties may be levied against you in accordance with our rules.
Any conduct deemed inappropriate or in violation of our standards may result in the imposition of further fines, as per our company’s established procedures.
If we receive credible evidence of any misuse, you may be required to pay additional fees as deemed necessary by our administrative body.
In instances where your actions are found to contravene our policies, extra charges may be applied to your account, following our internal review process.
Should your use of the service be found to breach our terms, you will be liable for any supplementary fees that our company deems appropriate.
Upon confirmation of any misconduct, the company may levy further fines against you, in alignment with our operational guidelines.
If it is determined that you have failed to comply with our terms, additional monetary penalties may be enforced, as judged by our team.
Any infractions against our policies may lead to the application of extra charges, which will be calculated based on the severity of the breach.
In cases where misuse is identified, the company holds the right to impose additional fees, which will be determined following a thorough evaluation of the situation.
Should you be found in violation of our user agreement, you may incur further fines, decided by our discretion after assessing the infraction.
If your actions are found to be contrary to our service rules, supplementary charges may be levied against you, as dictated by our company policies.
Verified breaches of our terms may result in the imposition of extra fees, determined by our internal review team.
Should there be a confirmed report of any misuse, additional financial penalties may be charged to your account, as per our operational protocols.
If your conduct is deemed non-compliant with our regulations, the company reserves the right to enforce further fines, calculated at our discretion.
Any proven misuse of the platform may result in supplementary charges being applied, based on the nature and extent of the violation.
In the event of non-compliance with our guidelines, you may be subject to extra fees, determined by our review process.
Should your actions contravene our terms of service, additional fines may be imposed, which will be decided by our internal policies.
If it is confirmed that you have misused the platform, further monetary penalties may be levied, in accordance with our company’s rules.
Any substantiated misuse may lead to the application of extra charges, calculated by our administrative team.
In cases of policy violations, the company may impose supplementary fines, based on the specifics of the infraction.
Should there be a determination of misuse, additional fees may be charged to you, as per our established guidelines.
If your use of the service is found to be in breach of our terms, you may incur further charges, as determined by our discretion.
Any credible report of non-compliance may result in extra financial penalties, decided by our company’s review process.
If payments are delayed, Tech Solutions may impose an interest rate of 1% per month or the highest legal rate allowed.
By using our service, you agree that Future Corp can charge interest up to 2% monthly on any overdue amounts, subject to local laws.
Any late payments may result in a 1.75% monthly interest fee, or the maximum amount allowed by law, at the discretion of Global Services Inc.
You consent to a 1.25% per month interest charge on overdue balances, as permitted by applicable law, imposed by Alpha Tech.
As allowed by law, Beta Enterprises may collect interest on past due charges at 1.5% per month or the highest rate allowed.
For any unpaid invoices, you agree that Omega Solutions can apply an interest fee of 1.2% per month, or the maximum permitted by law.
If your payment is late, Digital Innovations may charge up to 2.5% interest per month or the highest amount allowed by legal regulations.
You acknowledge that overdue payments may incur a 2% monthly interest charge, as decided by Zenith Corp and permitted by law.
Should charges be unpaid, Nova Systems reserves the right to impose interest at 1.75% per month or the maximum rate legally allowed.
On overdue amounts, Prime Tech can collect up to 1.5% interest per month, or the maximum permitted by local laws.
If payment is delayed, Infinity Corp may apply a 2% interest fee per month, subject to the highest legal limit.
In the event of late payments, you agree that Stellar Enterprises may charge interest at a rate of 1.8% per month, within legal constraints.
You consent to a 2.2% per month interest charge on any overdue balances, as permitted by law and imposed by Horizon Inc.
As per applicable law, Quantum Solutions may impose a 1.3% monthly interest fee on overdue payments or the maximum allowed by law.
If your account is past due, Apex Technologies can charge interest up to 2.4% per month or the highest legally permissible rate.
You agree that overdue charges may incur a 1.75% monthly interest fee, determined by Delta Corp and allowed by law.
On unpaid invoices, Spectrum Services may impose an interest rate of 2% per month or the legal maximum, whichever is lower.
For any late payments, you acknowledge that Nexus Enterprises can collect interest at 1.6% per month, as allowed by law.
By using our services, you agree that your content may be featured in advertisements, and the nature and targeting of these ads may change.
You acknowledge that advertisements may incorporate your content, and the manner and focus of these ads can be adjusted.
Your consent includes allowing us to use your content in advertisements, which may vary in type and targeting.
We may use your content in ads, and you agree that the format and targeting of these advertisements are subject to change.
You agree that your content can be included in our ads, and the scope and focus of these ads may evolve.
Your content may appear in our advertisements, and you acknowledge that the nature and targeting of these ads may vary.
By using our platform, you consent to your content being used in ads, which may change in type and targeting.
Your agreement allows us to place your content in ads, with the nature and focus of these ads being adjustable.
You understand that your content may be included in advertisements, and the targeting and format of these ads can change.
By agreeing, you accept that your content can be used in ads, and these ads may differ in type and targeting.
Your content may be displayed in our advertisements, and you agree that the nature and targeting of these ads can be modified.
We reserve the right to include your content in ads, with the type and focus of these ads subject to change.
You acknowledge that your content may appear in advertisements, and the targeting and format of these ads may vary.
By using our services, you consent to your content being featured in ads, which may change in scope and focus.
Your agreement includes allowing us to use your content in advertisements, which can differ in type and targeting.
You agree that we may place ads with your content, and the nature and targeting of these ads may be adjusted.
Your content may be used in our ads, and you acknowledge that the format and targeting of these ads can change.
By using our platform, you agree that your content can be included in ads, which may vary in type and focus.
Your consent allows us to feature your content in advertisements, with the targeting and nature of these ads subject to change.
You understand that advertisements may incorporate your content, and the scope and focus of these ads may be modified.
By agreeing, you accept that your content can be used in ads, which may differ in format and targeting.
Your content may be displayed in our ads, and you agree that the nature and focus of these advertisements can vary.
We reserve the right to include your content in advertisements, with the type and targeting of these ads subject to change.
You acknowledge that your content may appear in ads, and the format and targeting of these advertisements may change.
By using our services, you consent to your content being featured in advertisements, which may evolve in type and focus.
Your agreement includes allowing us to use your content in ads, which can change in scope and targeting.
For instance, when you upload a product photo or video to your shop, we have the right to feature it in our advertisements to attract buyers.
If you post a listing image or video, we can use it in our marketing campaigns to reach a wider audience.
By uploading photos or videos of your products, you agree that we can display them in our ads for promotional purposes.
Your uploaded content, such as photos or videos, can be included in our advertisements to enhance visibility.
If you share a product photo or video, we may use it in our advertisements to promote your items and our platform.
By posting images or videos of your products, you give us permission to feature them in our promotional ads.
Uploading a product photo or video grants us the right to include it in our marketing advertisements.
When you share a listing photo or video, we can display it in our ads to attract potential buyers.
Your uploaded photos and videos can be used in our advertisements to showcase your products.
By adding product images or videos, you agree that we can feature them in our ads for greater exposure.
If you upload a product photo or video, we have the right to use it in our advertisements to promote your shop.
Your content, including photos and videos, can be included in our marketing ads to attract more customers.
By sharing a product photo or video, you consent to its use in our advertisements for promotional purposes.
We may feature your uploaded photos or videos in our ads to showcase your products and our platform.
When you post images or videos of your products, we can use them in our advertisements to enhance visibility.
Your uploaded content can be displayed in our ads to promote your items and attract more buyers.
By uploading product photos or videos, you allow us to feature them in our promotional advertisements.
If you share a listing image or video, we may use it in our ads to showcase your products.
Your content, such as photos or videos, can be included in our advertisements to enhance our marketing efforts.
By posting product photos or videos, you agree that we can display them in our advertisements for wider exposure.
When you upload a product photo or video, we have the right to use it in our marketing ads.
Your shared content can be featured in our advertisements to promote your shop and attract buyers.
By adding product images or videos, you consent to their use in our advertisements for promotional purposes.
We may display your uploaded photos or videos in our ads to showcase your items.
If you post a product photo or video, we can include it in our advertisements to enhance visibility.
Please be aware that when you engage in any video or chat interactions using our platform, these sessions may be recorded or logged by our servers for quality assurance and monitoring purposes.
By using the video or chat features available on our website, you acknowledge that your communications may be recorded or logged by our server infrastructure to ensure compliance with our policies.
Any use of our video or chat functionalities may result in your interactions being captured and logged by our servers, which may be utilized for future reference or troubleshooting.
Whenever you participate in video or chat sessions on our platform, it is possible that our servers will record or log these interactions for the purposes of maintaining service integrity.
Your use of the video and chat features provided by our service may be subject to recording or logging by our servers to enhance user experience and support.
When you utilize the video or chat options available through our system, please note that your activity may be logged or recorded by our servers for operational purposes.
It is important to understand that any interactions via our video or chat features may be recorded or logged by our servers, which are used to monitor and improve our services.
By engaging in video or chat communications on our platform, you consent to having these sessions potentially recorded or logged by our server systems for security and quality control.
Be advised that when you use the video or chat tools offered by our service, your sessions may be captured and logged by our servers to ensure optimal performance and compliance.
Any activities conducted through our video or chat functionalities may be recorded or logged by our servers as part of our commitment to maintaining a secure and efficient platform.
Your participation in video or chat sessions using our platform may be subject to recording or logging by our servers to facilitate technical support and user assistance.
Whenever you use the video or chat features on our website, your interactions may be logged or recorded by our servers to help us better understand user needs and behaviors.
Please note that any use of our video or chat functionalities may result in recordings or logs being stored by our servers for future analysis and service enhancement.
By utilizing the video or chat options provided by our platform, you agree that your communications may be recorded or logged by our server infrastructure for operational oversight.
Any video or chat sessions you engage in on our service may be captured and logged by our servers to assist in maintaining service quality and user satisfaction.
When you interact with our video or chat features, it is possible that these sessions will be recorded or logged by our servers for compliance and performance monitoring.
Your use of the video and chat functionalities available through our system may be subject to recording or logging by our servers to ensure a high standard of service.
You should note that even if your Account is deactivated, some of your data may persist and appear within the Service,
We may utilize Your Content in various ways, such as displaying it publicly, reformatting it, using it in ads and other works, creating derivative content from it, promoting it, distributing it, and permitting others to do likewise with their own sites and media platforms (Other Media).
Your Content may be employed by us in numerous methods, including public display, reformatting, incorporation into ads and other works, creation of derivative works, promotion, distribution, and allowing others to use it similarly with their own media platforms (“Other Media”).
We reserve the right to use Your Content in different manners, such as publicly displaying, reformatting, incorporating into ads and other works, creating derivative content, promoting, distributing, and enabling others to do the same with their media platforms (“Other Media”).
Your Content may be used by us in several ways, including public display, reformatting, incorporation into advertisements and other works, creation of derivative works, promotion, distribution, and permitting others to do so with their own websites and media platforms (“Other Media”).
We might use Your Content in multiple ways, including by displaying it publicly, reformatting it, incorporating it into advertisements and other works, creating derivative works from it, promoting it, distributing it, and allowing others to do similarly with their media platforms (“Other Media”).
We have the right to use Your Content in various forms, such as public display, reformatting, inclusion in ads and other works, creation of derivative works, promotion, distribution, and letting others use it the same way on their own media platforms (“Other Media”).
Your Content may be applied by us in several ways, including public display, reformatting, usage in advertisements and other works, creation of derivative works, promotion, distribution, and allowing others to use it similarly with their media platforms (“Other Media”).
We are entitled to use Your Content in a variety of ways, such as publicly displaying it, reformatting it, incorporating it into advertisements and other works, creating derivative works from it, promoting it, distributing it, and allowing others to do the same with their own media platforms (“Other Media”).
Your Content may be used by us in many ways, including public display, reformatting, incorporation into advertisements and other works, creation of derivative works, promotion, distribution, and permitting others to use it similarly with their own media platforms (“Other Media”).
We may handle Your Content in different ways, including by publicly displaying it, reformatting it, incorporating it into ads and other works, creating derivative works from it, promoting it, distributing it, and allowing others to use it in the same manner with their media platforms (“Other Media”).
We may showcase your name, logo, and a description of how you use our services on our website, in earnings releases, and in other marketing materials.
Your name, logo, and a description of your usage of our services may be used and displayed by us on our website, in earnings releases, and in other marketing materials.
We have the right to use and display your name, logo, and a description of how you utilize our services on our website, in earnings releases, and in other marketing materials.
We may feature your name, logo, and a description of how you use our services on our website, in earnings releases, and in other marketing materials.
Your name, logo, and a description of how you use our services may be used and displayed by us on our website, in earnings releases, and other marketing materials.
We may employ and display your name, logo, and a description of how you use our services on our website, in earnings releases, and in other marketing materials.
Your name, logo, and a description of how you use our services may be showcased by us on our website, in earnings releases, and in other marketing materials.
Be aware that even if your Account is deactivated, some of your data may still persist and appear within the Service.
Please note that even if your Account is deactivated, some of your data may continue to exist and be visible within the Service.
Even if your Account is deactivated, some of your data may remain and appear within the Service.
Keep in mind that even if your Account is deactivated, some of your data may still be present and appear within the Service.
Even if your Account is deactivated, certain data may persist and be visible within the Service.
It is important to note that even if your Account is deactivated, some of your data may continue to appear within the Service.
Be advised that even if your Account is deactivated, some of your data may remain and be displayed within the Service.
Note that even if your Account is deactivated, some of your data may still appear and persist within the Service.
Even if your Account is deactivated, some data may continue to exist and appear within the Service.
Remember that even if your Account is deactivated, some of your data may still be visible and persist within the Service.
We can freely assign our rights, duties, and obligations under these Terms at any time, with or without notifying you.
Our rights, duties, and obligations under these Terms may be assigned freely at any time, with or without your notice.
We reserve the right to freely assign our rights, duties, and obligations under these Terms at any time, with or without informing you.
We may freely transfer our rights, duties, and obligations under these Terms at any time, with or without your notification.
Our rights, duties, and obligations under these Terms can be freely assigned at any time, with or without notice to you.
We have the right to freely assign our rights, duties, and obligations under these Terms at any time, with or without notifying you.
We may assign our rights, duties, and obligations under these Terms freely at any time, with or without notice to you.
Our rights, duties, and obligations under these Terms may be freely transferred at any time, with or without informing you.
If managed by an organization, you understand that this organization has rights to your account and may: (a) manage your account (including suspending or canceling); (b) reset your password; (c) view your usage and profile data, including how and when you use the service.
If your account is managed by an organization, you acknowledge that this organization has rights to your account and may: (a) manage your account (including suspending or canceling); (b) reset your password; (c) view your usage and profile data, including how and when you use the service.
If an organization manages your account, you understand that it has rights to your account and may: (a) manage your account (including suspending or canceling); (b) reset your password; (c) view your usage and profile data, including how and when you use the service.
When managed by an organization, you acknowledge that this organization has rights to your account and may: (a) manage your account (including suspending or canceling); (b) reset your password; (c) view your usage and profile data, including how and when you use the service.
If your account is under the management of an organization, you understand that it has rights to your account and may: (a) manage your account (including suspending or canceling); (b) reset your password; (c) view your usage and profile data, including how and when you use the service.
Some of the Service may be supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions, and you agree that we may place such advertising and promotions on the Service or in conjunction with your Content.
Certain parts of the Service may be funded by advertising revenue and may display ads and promotions, and you consent to us placing such ads and promotions on the Service or alongside your Content.
Advertising revenue may support some parts of the Service, and you agree that ads and promotions may be displayed on the Service or in connection with your Content.
Parts of the Service may be sustained by advertising revenue and display ads and promotions, and you agree to allow us to place such ads and promotions on the Service or near your Content.
Some sections of the Service may be funded by advertising revenue and may show ads and promotions, and you consent to us placing these on the Service or around your Content.
Advertising revenue may support certain features of the Service, and you agree that ads and promotions may be placed on the Service or in relation to your Content.
The Service may partly be funded by advertising revenue and display ads and promotions, and you agree that we may place such ads and promotions on the Service or in conjunction with your Content.
Some parts of the Service may be funded by advertising revenue and may show ads and promotions, and you agree to our placing these on the Service or around your Content.
Certain aspects of the Service may be supported by advertising revenue and may display ads and promotions, and you agree to let us place these on the Service or in relation to your Content.
The content you view on this platform, including what is shown and where, may be influenced by business deals we have with other companies.
The selection and placement of content you access on this service might be shaped by commercial agreements with third parties.
Content displayed to you on this platform may be influenced by our commercial partnerships and contracts.
The arrangement and availability of content you see may be determined by business agreements we have with other entities.
What content you access, and its arrangement, could be affected by commercial considerations and our deals with third-party companies.
The content you find on this service, including its selection and placement, may be driven by commercial factors and agreements we hold.
Our contracts with other companies may affect the content you access and how it is presented to you on this service.
The content displayed to you, including what and where it is shown, may be influenced by our business relationships with third parties.
The availability and arrangement of content on this platform might be shaped by our agreements with other businesses.
Our rights under these Terms can be transferred to another party without informing you.
We might assign our rights under the Terms to a different company without your agreement.
We are allowed to transfer our rights under these Terms to another entity without notifying you.
Our rights under the Terms may be handed off to a third party without your authorization.
We may pass on our rights under these Terms to someone else without your permission.
Our rights under these Terms can be given to another company without needing your consent.
We might transfer our rights under the Terms to another party without asking for your approval.
Overdue payments may incur an interest charge of 1% per month (or the maximum allowed by law, if lower).
If payments are late, they may accrue interest at 2% per month (or the highest legal rate, if it is less).
Late payments may be subject to an interest rate of 1.5% per month (or the highest permissible rate by law, if lower).
An interest rate of 1.25% per month may apply to overdue payments (or the maximum rate allowed by law, if it is lower).
Payments made late could bear an interest rate of 1.75% per month (or the highest rate permitted by law, if lower).
Interest may be charged on late payments at a rate of 1% per month (or the legal maximum, if it is less).
Late payments might incur an interest rate of 2.5% per month (or the highest rate allowed by law, if it is less).
Overdue payments may attract an interest charge of 1.5% per month (or the maximum permissible rate by law, if lower).
A 1.75% monthly interest rate may be applied to late payments (or the highest legal rate, if it is less).
If your payments are late, they may bear interest at the rate of 2% per month (or the maximum rate allowed by law, if it is less).
We can use and show your name, logo, and how you use our services on our site, in earnings statements, and in other advertising materials.
Your name, logo, and a brief description of how you use our services might be displayed on our website, in earnings reports, and in other promotional items.
We may feature your name, logo, and a description of your usage of our services on our website, in financial announcements, and in marketing materials.
Your name, logo, and a summary of how you use our services can be used on our site, in earnings statements, and in other promotional materials.
We do not hold responsibility or liability for any alterations to, or removal of, your data by Third-Party Services.
Any modifications to, or deletion of, your data by Third-Party Services are not our responsibility or liability.
We disclaim any responsibility or liability for changes to, or deletion of, your data by Third-Party Services.
Even if your Account is deactivated, please note that some of your data may still remain visible within the Service.
Be aware that even with deactivation of your Account, certain data may continue to exist and appear within the Service.
Deactivating your Account may not remove all of your data, which might still be visible within the Service.
Keep in mind that even if you deactivate your Account, some of your data could still persist and be displayed within the Service.
Even after deactivating your Account, certain data may still remain and be visible within the Service.
Note that deactivating your Account does not necessarily eliminate all of your data from appearing within the Service.
Advertising revenue may support some aspects of the Service, and you agree to let us display ads and promotions on the Service or near your Content.
Certain parts of the Service may be funded by ads, and you agree to allow us to place advertisements and promotions on the Service or alongside your Content.
Your Content could be shown publicly, reformatted, used in ads, turned into new creations, promoted, and distributed widely, while also allowing others to share it.
We may feature Your Content in numerous forms, including public displays, format changes, ad inclusions, creation of derivatives, promotion, distribution, and sharing it with other media outlets.
Your Content may be used by us in a variety of ways, like displaying it publicly, altering its format, using it in commercials, creating new versions, marketing it, spreading it around, and letting others employ it.
We have the right to showcase Your Content, reformat it, include it in advertisements, create derivative works, promote it, distribute it, and permit others to do likewise.
Your Content might be publicly shown, modified in format, used in ads, made into new works, marketed, spread, and shared with other media platforms.
We can display Your Content to the public, reformat it, integrate it into ads, create derivatives, promote it, distribute it, and allow others to use it on their own sites.
Your Content may be employed in various ways, such as public display, format alteration, inclusion in ads, creation of new works, promotion, distribution, and sharing with other platforms.
The content on this platform may be influenced by commercial agreements we have with other companies, affecting what and where it appears.
Content you view on this service might be shaped by our business deals with third parties, influencing its selection and placement.
The way content is presented to you here may be driven by our commercial partnerships and contracts with other entities.
The availability and arrangement of content on this platform could be influenced by our agreements with external companies.
The selection and display of content on this service may be impacted by our business relationships with third parties.
What you see on this platform might be determined by commercial considerations and deals we have with other organizations.
Content shown to you on this service can be affected by our partnerships and commercial agreements with other businesses.
The placement and selection of content available to you might be shaped by our commercial factors and agreements with third parties.
Our contracts with other companies may determine what content you view and how it is arranged on this platform.
The content you access here, including its selection and presentation, might be influenced by our business partnerships and commercial deals.
We can transfer our rights under these Terms to another entity without needing your approval.
Our rights under these Terms may be assigned to someone else without requiring your consent.
We have the authority to hand over our rights under these Terms to a third party without notifying you.
Our rights under the Terms can be delegated to another party without your permission.
We reserve the right to reassign our rights under these Terms to another company without informing you.
We might transfer our rights under the Terms to someone else without asking for your agreement.
Our rights under these Terms may be handed off to a different party without your authorization.
We have the power to give our rights under these Terms to another entity without your knowledge.
Our rights under the Terms can be transferred to a third party without your notice.
We might assign our rights under these Terms to another party without needing your consent.
Overdue payments may incur an interest rate of 2% per month (or the highest rate allowed by law, if it is lower).
If payments are late, they might be subject to an interest charge of 1% per month (or the maximum rate permitted by law, if lower).
Late payments may attract an interest fee of 1.5% monthly (or the highest permissible rate, if it is less).
An interest rate of 1.25% per month could apply to overdue payments (or the highest legal rate, if it is lower).
We may use your name, logo, and service description on our site, in financial reports, and other promotional materials.
Your name, logo, and a summary of your usage of our services might appear on our website, in earnings releases, and various marketing items.
We can feature your name, logo, and details of your service use on our site, in financial statements, and other advertisements.
Your name, logo, and a description of your usage of our services may be displayed on our site, in financial announcements, and in promotional content.
We have the right to show your name, logo, and service details on our website, in earnings reports, and in other marketing materials.
Your name, logo, and how you use our services could be featured on our site, in financial releases, and promotional content.
We might display your name, logo, and service usage details on our website, in earnings announcements, and in marketing materials.
Your name, logo, and a brief description of how you use our services may be used on our site, in financial reports, and in promotional items.
We reserve the right to use your name, logo, and a description of your service use on our website, in earnings releases, and in other marketing content.
Your name, logo, and a description of how you use our services might be featured on our website, in financial statements, and promotional materials.
Descriptions, images, references, features, content, specifications, products, price and availability of any products or services are subject to change without notice, and our current prices can be found on our Sites and Apps. We make reasonable efforts to accurately display
ou hereby waive (x) any “moral rights” associated with the User Generated Content (to the extent allowable by law); and (y) all claims relevant to the User Generated Content and Taskrabbit’s use thereof and of your Likeness.
Failure to meet these standards may result in eBay charging sellers additional fees, and/or limiting, restricting, suspending, or downgrading your seller account
All prices on the Sites are subject to change at any time without notice.
We may assign our rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, all fees and other amounts are non-refundable.
Terms and conditions, features, support, pricing, and service options subject subject to change without notice.
Intuit reserves the right to change any information on this Website including but not limited to revising and/or deleting products, services, content, offers, pricing, features or other information without prior notice.
We reserve the right to temporarily disable your account if your usage significantly exceeds the average usage of other customers of the Services.
If Customer Contractor Services and related features are no longer available for any reason, CrowdStrike is not obligated to provide any refund, credit, or other compensation for, or related to, the Offerings.
Neither party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate in connection with a corporate reorganization or in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of its business and/or assets.
TERMINATION You agree that Salesforce may, under any circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate your Salesforce account, and access to the Service and/or any and all Content, Limited Versions or materials.
We reserve the right, without prior notice, to refuse service to any customer or reject any order at any time and refund any money you have paid for such order.
You understand that we may use such Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you, including to develop, copy, publish, or improve the Feedback or to improve or develop new products, services, or the Sites in Workday’s sole discretion.
We shall share your personal data with companies and organisations in order to enable us to perform credit checks and you hereby consent to us so doing.
Once goods become available for delivery and delivery does not take place as a result of a client’s instructions, we reserve the right to charge interest unless the account is settled in full within 60 days of the arrival of goods.
Intuit will own all such data and may use this data without restriction, including, but not limited to, operating, analyzing, improving or marketing Intuit's products and services, including the Site.
Intuit may collect, derive or generate de-identified and/or aggregated data regarding your usage of or the performance of the Site, including data derived from your Content.
Rights This license allows Intuit to: host, copy, reproduce, distribute, communicate, publish, sublicense and use your Content — for example, to save your Content on our systems and make it accessible to you and to anyone, anywhere in the world; publish or publicly display your Content, if you've submitted it and made it visible to others; and modify and create derivative works based on your Content, such as reformatting or translating it.
You grant Intuit a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sublicensable, irrevocable, fully paid-up, royalty free license to use your feedback, suggestions and ideas in any way, including in future modifications of the Site, other products or services, advertising or marketing materials.
We may, in our sole discretion, terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Website at any time and for any or no reason.
The rights you grant to MathWorks in this Section are non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, and royalty-free.
The Listings and the availability of any Paid Offering (including the validity of any coupon or discount) are subject to change at any time without notice.
You represent and warrant that you have all rights to make Contributions available on the applicable Qlik Site, and, therefore, you grant to Qlik, and its agents, licensees, and assigns, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicensable, transferable, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, modify, distribute, display, perform and otherwise fully exploit such Contributions for any and all purposes.
Qlik reserves the right to modify, limit, suspend, or terminate the Qlik Sites, and/or these Terms, at its sole discretion and without notice.
However, you acknowledge and agree that Intuit has the right to monitor the Site and to disclose any information as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to monitor the security of the Site and to detect unauthorized uses, and to protect itself and its customers.
Your installation or other use of Third Party Materials may result in the transmission of your information, data, content or other materials outside of your or Salesforce’s systems, or otherwise result in third party access to, or use of, your information, data, content or other materials.
We are not responsible for deletion of data, timeliness of services, or the failure to store any of your data or personalization settings.
There may be cases in which some of your personal information may be used by domo.com.au to target e-commerce promotions and telemarketing activities.
CrowdStrike is not responsible or liable for any loss, costs or damages arising out of Customer Contractor’s actions or inactions in any manner, including but not limited to, for any disclosure, transfer, modification or deletion of Customer Data (defined in Exhibit A).
We may replace or amend this Agreement from time to time by posting new terms of service to this Website.
You are deemed to grant to DOMO an unrestricted, irrevocable licence to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute all materials or information sent by you to or through this Site.
We are not providing investment advice through the Website, and the material on the Website should not be regarded as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities of H&R Block or its affiliates.
Further, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and policies, Alibaba.com may disclose the Member's identity, contact information and/or information regarding the Member's account(s), transactions or activities carried out on or via the Site, if requested by a government, regulatory or law enforcement body or an injured third party, or as a result of a subpoena or other legal action.
Your Skrill Account may be subject to upload, payment and withdrawal limits, depending on your country of residence, the verification status of your Skrill Account and other factors used by us to determine such limits from time to time at our sole discretion.
All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us.
You irrevocably assign all right, title, interest and other worldwide intellectual property rights in and to the Feedback to Toast, Inc., and acknowledge that we are free to use, disclose, reproduce and otherwise exploit any and all Feedback provided by you relating to the Services in our sole discretion, entirely without obligation or restriction of any kind.
You also grant each user of the Site and/or the Services a non-exclusive, perpetual license to access your User Content through the Site and/or the Services, including after your termination of your Account or the Services.
By using our Services through Facebook or Google, you permit us to access certain information from your Facebook or Google account for use by the Services.
The taxes and regulatory fees charged can be changed without notice.
Splashtop shall not be liable for any loss that You may incur as a result of a third party using Your Splashtop Account, either with or without Your knowledge.
We may assign, transfer or delegate any of our rights and obligations hereunder without consent.
Splashtop reserves the right, exercised at its sole discretion, to modify, add or delete portions of these Terms from time to time without notice to You, and You further agree to be bound by such modified Terms.
We reserve the right to freely assign these Terms and the rights and obligations hereunder, to any third party without notice and consent.
Section 4 Modifications to the Service and Prices Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
To the extent any User Content you submit includes any biographical information, including your name, likeness, voice, or photograph, you acknowledge and agree that this license shall apply to the same.
You grant to Toast a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide license to access, use, copy, modify (including the right to create derivative works of), display and transmit User Content for the purpose of our providing the Services and in accordance with our Privacy Statement.
Splashtop may assign its rights under these Terms to its Affiliates and to any successor by way of merger, acquisition, consolidation, reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets that relate to these Terms, without action on Your part, in which case references to Splashtop herein shall be deemed to refer to the assignee. e.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website.
We reserve the right to charge you in our sole discretion an administration fee as displayed in theFees section of the Website for every investigation we undertake into any such suspicious activity, including where we get notified thereof by any third party whom we partner with.
Fees relating to ongoing management of inactive accounts will also continue to be charged following closure of your Skrill Account.
Your Skrill Account is subject to withdrawal limits.
Unless prohibited by applicable law, upon request from HuffPost, you agree to execute and deliver any such additional documents that HuffPost deems reasonably necessary to establish our ability to use the User Content as we see fit and that “Moral Rights of Authors” are waived under this User Agreement.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Unless prohibited by applicable law, upon request from BuzzFeed, you agree to execute and deliver any such additional documents that BuzzFeed deems reasonably necessary to establish our ability to use the User Content as we see fit and that “Moral Rights of Authors” are waived under this User Agreement.
We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site.
FROM TIME TO TIME WE MAY UPDATE OR MODIFY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN OUR DISCRETION, AND WILL POST THE UPDATED TERMS TO https://pos.toasttab.com/toast/terms-of-service.
We may terminate your access to all or any part of the Services at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your Account.
Splunk may use your name and logo on sales presentations, websites, and other marketing collateral without your prior approvalIf, however, you provide any Feedback, you hereby grant to Splunk a non-exclusive, transferable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license (with rights to sublicense) to make, use, sell, offer to sell, reproduce, modify, distribute, make available, publicly display and perform, disclose and otherwise commercially exploit the Feedback.
Splunk may use your name and logo on sales presentations, websites, and other marketing collateral without your prior approval.
You agree to irrevocably waive (and cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content.
By submitting any Feedback, you agree that Docker is free to use such Feedback at its discretion and without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose such Feedback to third parties on a non-confidential basis or otherwise.
Without limiting any of our other rights or remedies herein, overdue charges may accrue interest monthly at the rate of 1.5% of the then-outstanding unpaid balance, or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is lower.
Fees are non-cancelable and non-refundable, except as otherwise expressly set forth in these General Terms.
Accounts that are inactive for more than six months or that do not have any repositories associated with the account may be terminated at our discretion and without further notice.
If you do not specify or upload such license terms with respect to any User Content, you hereby grant to any other users of the Service, a non-exclusive license to access, download, use, modify or otherwise exploit such part of your User Content for any personal or business purposes.
Except if specifically stated otherwise, Your Content is not confidential and may be made publicly available.
Late payments will bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (or the highest rate permitted by law, if less).
Use of personal data you enter about others: Depending on where your contacts are based, our data processing terms may also apply to the personal data of others (such as your customers, suppliers and employees) that you enter into Xero.
All fees are non-refundable (except as expressly set forth in Section 11.3) and exclusive of applicable taxes.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Docker may assign the entirety of its rights and obligations under these Terms, without your consent, to an affiliate or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets.
If you close your Account, Your Content may remain accessible on the Site.
You agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Docker with respect thereto.
4.2 You agree that Docker, in its sole discretion and subject to your opt-out rights as described below, may use your trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names and other distinctive brand features in presentations, marketing materials, customer lists, financial reports and Web site listings (including links to your website) for the purpose of advertising or publicizing your use of the Service.
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542, WHICH SAYS: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.” 6.8 You agree that Docker has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any User Content and other communications maintained on or transmitted through use of the Service.
Furthermore, users (both Buyers and Sellers) agree that unless they explicitly indicate otherwise, the content users voluntarily create/upload to Fiverr, including Gig texts, photos, videos, usernames, user photos, user videos and any other information, including the display of delivered work, may be used by Fiverr for no consideration for marketing purposes and/or other purposes relevant for the operation and function of the Site.
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542, WHICH SAYS: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.” 16.
Designers acknowledge and agree that 99designs may make their information available to our unaffiliated third party partners who may make the information available on their own sites for the purpose of such Partner Integrations.
This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you without our prior written consent, but may be assigned by Confluent without restriction.
You understand that by using the Websites and the community you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information and aggregate data as set forth in our Privacy Statement, and to have your personally identifiable information collected, used, transferred to and processed in the United States.
Xero may assign these terms - or any of our rights or obligations in these terms - to another Xero entity as it deems appropriate.
Ownership Ownership and limitations: When purchasing a Gig on Fiverr, unless clearly stated otherwise on the Seller's Gig page/description, when the work is delivered, and subject to payment, the Buyer is granted all intellectual property rights, including but not limited to, copyright in the work delivered from the Seller, and the Seller waives any and all moral rights (to the extent permitted by applicable law) therein.
Autodesk may assign or otherwise transfer these Terms (without Your consent or notice to You) as part of a reorganization, merger, sale of assets or other transaction that involves all or a portion of the Offerings or related business.
Red Hat may revise these terms at any time.
Confluent may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Agreement from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically.
We reserve all rights in connection with the Site and its content (other than UGC) including, without limitation, the exclusive right to create derivative works.
Except as otherwise described herein or in our Refund Policy, all sales and Fees on Thumbtack are final and non-refundable.
If you identify yourself by name or provide a picture or audio or video recording of yourself, you further authorize us and our affiliates, licensees and sublicensees, without compensation to you or others, to reproduce, print, publish and disseminate in any format or media (whether now known or hereafter created) your name, voice and likeness throughout the world, and such permission will be perpetual and cannot be revoked for any reason, except as required by applicable law.
You further agree that we may use Your Content in any manner that we deem appropriate or necessary.
Subject to Section 3.I, funds added to the Steam Wallet are non-refundable and non-transferable.
Valve is the sole owner of the derivative works created by Valve from your User Generated Content, and is therefore entitled to grant licenses on these derivative works.
However, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) Your Content that is deleted may persist in caches or backups for a reasonable period of time; and (b) copies of or references to Your Content may not be entirely removed (due to the license rights you provided to Houzz and the nature of photos, as an example, being distributed on the Houzz Platform).
If you provide written comments or testimonials about our service or activities, you agree that we shall have sole ownership of any and all intellectual property rights in such comments or testimonials, and that we may post and publish your comments or portions thereof at our sole discretion on our Website or in marketing materials including your name and company or agency, and that you shall not be entitled to any payments associated with our use of the foregoing.
Purchases of prepaid lead bundles are nonrefundable, even after cancellation of membership.
You further authorize us and our affiliates, licensees, sublicensees, and users, without compensation to you or others, to reproduce, print, publish and disseminate in any format or media (whether now know or hereafter created) the Content, including, if submitted, your name, voice and likeness throughout the world, and such permission shall be perpetual and cannot be revoked for any reason.
Further, to the extent permitted under applicable law, you waive and release and covenant not to assert any moral rights that you may have in any Content posted or provided by you.
You hereby authorize us to use your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos, content including photographs, in the form or format that you supply to us or that you upload to our Website, for use and posting on our Website and for use in marketing materials to be presented to customers or prospective SPs in online postings, via emails or otherwise to help promote you or your services, and that you shall not be entitled to any payments associated with our use of the foregoing.
We reserve the right to charge you for any amounts paid to a customer by HomeAdvisor in connection with a dispute between you and a customer, or based upon your performance of or failure to perform services for a customer, and you agree to reimburse us for any such payments and for any costs, expenses or attorneys' fees incurred by HomeAdvisor in connection with the dispute.
Further, to the extent permitted under applicable law, you waive, release and covenant not to assert any moral rights that you may have in Your Content.
Your Content You retain all rights to your content when you upload it into our services, but you do give us broad rights to use, modify, display your content in our services.
In the event of an acquisition or sale of a particular line of business or service/offering by Houzz, Houzz may, in our sole discretion, sublicense Your Content to the acquirer or purchaser who may use, reproduce, process, adapt, publicly perform, publicly display, modify, prepare derivative works, publish, transmit and distribute Your Content, or any portion thereof, notwithstanding other provisions in this Agreement.
MODIFICATIONS Thumbtack reserves the right, in our sole discretion, to modify these Terms, and any other documents incorporated by reference herein, at any time and without prior notice.
You agree that your continued use of the Houzz Platform after such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
Where applicable and to the extent permitted under applicable law, you also agree to waive, and not to enforce, any moral rights or equivalent rights, such as your right to be identified as the author of any Listener Content, including Feedback (defined below), and your right to object to derogatory treatment of such Listener Content.
You grant Zwift a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, fully paid, and sublicensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and display your User Content and any name, username or likeness provided in connection with your User Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed without compensation to you.
You grant to TIDAL a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid up, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide license to store, display, reproduce, modify, perform, create derivative works from, distribute and otherwise use your Listener Content for the purpose of operating, developing and using the TIDAL Service.
Such rates and fees are subject to change without notice or approval.
Virtual Items are non-returnable and non-refundable.
If you select “Accept all”, you consent to our usage of additional Cookies and agree that we may share the information collected with our partners, some of which may be located outside of the EU, such as in the USA.
DEEZER has the right to amend these Terms for any reason at any time without any prior notice or liability to the Developer.
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MODIFY, CHANGE, OR DISCONTINUE AT ANY TIME ANY ASPECT OF THE SITE OR THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, OUR PRICES AND FEES FOR THE SITE AND SERVICES.
We may amend these Terms at any time at our discretion.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to amend these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time.
You agree that we may sublicense all the rights granted to us under these Terms to one or more third parties we may contract with to display all or part of the member’s property listing or otherwise provide promotional or other services related to our business.
For clarity, this means we reserve the right to use things like your name, avatar and in-game performance in various materials, including advertising and promotional content and third-party platforms.
We may assign these Terms in our sole discretion.
To do this, we collect information about your devices, your usage behaviour on our websites and your interaction with our ads.
By speaking in a Conversation, including Conversations within Houses, you acknowledge that Clubhouse and its users may record your voice and other User Content, and are permitted to use the recording in any manner consistent with our Privacy Policy.
We may assign these Terms, or any of our rights and obligations under the Terms, at any time without consent.
If you provide identifying information or create content as a Guest User, that information and content may be recorded, saved, and shared indefinitely with other users, depending on the privacy settings of the Conversation that are set by its creator.
The Brand may withhold any payout earnings due to you (including any due for sold items not subject to the dispute) in full or partial satisfaction of any amounts you owe to the Brand or ThredUP.
If there is an issue with your Account or listings, your Account balance may be held for up to 90 days.
All fees and expenses are non-refundable except as set out in Section 10.2 (Warranty Remedy) and Section 14.4 (Mitigation and Exceptions).
We are not responsible or liable for the removal or deletion of any of Your Content, or any failure to remove or delete such content.
Our shipping rates may change from time to time.
You also recognise our legitimate interest in using it, in accordance with the scope of this licence, to the extent your User Content contains any personal information.
We may change Subscription Plans, including by offering new services or features for additional fees and charges or by adding or amending fees and charges for existing Subscription Plans, in our sole discretion.
We may generate transcripts of audio, either through our own means or third-party services, in order to review content for illegal activity or violations of our terms.
Usage Data We may collect and analyze data and other information regarding your use of the Services, including access, usage patterns, and performance (collectively, Usage Data).
The Brand and ThredUP reserve the right to purchase your items before they are listed for sale.
To the extent permitted by applicable law or regulation, Mercari may change the rules at any time, and may terminate the entire Credits system without any refund or other compensation for existing Credits.
You agree that we and our third-party tools may monitor and retain a transcript of all communications with you via these interactive tools in order to provide the tools and for quality and verification purposes.
After terminating your Account, some of your listing content,completed transaction and payment information may be retained in our records.
You agree that these terms and all incorporated agreements may be automatically assigned by ThredUP, in our sole discretion.
ThredUP reserves the right to sell unaccepted items to third-party textile recyclers or through its other proprietary commercial channels without any obligation to compensate you for such unaccepted items.
Assignment These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted under these Terms, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Clubhouse without restriction.
Payments are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods.
You further grant to Apartments.com, its affiliates, and its parent and related companies, a royalty-free right and license to use your name, image and likeness in connection with the reproduction or distribution of the Content.
You hereby grant to us and our authorized personnel a worldwide, royalty-free, fully-paid, exclusive, transferable, sublicensable (as necessary to perform the Services) license to copy, publicly perform, publicly display, publish, distribute, create derivative works of, and use Materials as we deem appropriate to perform the Services and in accordance with these Terms of Use.
Please note that we do reserve the right to change any of these terms of service at any time, without notice to you.
Our updated terms will be displayed on the website and by continuing to use and access the website, you agree to be bound by any changes made by us.
By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
You acknowledge that MasterClass reserves the right to terminate accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time.
By sending us any Feedback, you further (i) agree that we are under no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Feedback, (ii) acknowledge that we may have something similar to the Feedback already under consideration or in development, (iii) grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, prepare derivative works, publish, distribute and sublicense the Feedback, and (iv) irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against POLITICO LLC and its users any claims and assertions of any moral rights contained in such Feedback.
YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542, AND/OR ANY SIMILAR PROVISION OF THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, WHICH SAYS: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH, IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.” 12.
By accessing the Services using your Facebook credentials or any other third party services, you permit us to access certain information from your profile on Facebook or any other such third party services for use by the Services.
1.2 Modifications to Terms of Service: We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these Terms of Service at any time.
By using the Services, you are authorizing us to collect, store, retain, and use indefinitely, in accordance with our Privacy Policy, any and all information that you permitted Facebook or any other such third party services to provide to us.
Modification of terms of use and/or services The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, discontinue or terminate the Services or to modify this Terms of Use at any time and without prior notice.
8 Changes to these website terms We reserve the right to vary these website terms from time to time.
You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information relevant to the Service (“Submissions”), provided by you to MasterClass, its affiliated companies or partners are non-confidential and MasterClass, its affiliated companies and partners will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
Modification Freshly reserves the right to modify or discontinue promos, sales or pricing without notice.
When you transmit public-facing user content on Rocket Lawyer, you hereby grant Rocket Lawyer and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display any such content, including throughout the world in any media.
Except as otherwise provided herein or in an executed Order and/or SOW, all Fees are non-cancelable and nonrefundable.
We may assign these Terms without your consent to a related or affiliated entity or in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, stock or business, or to a successor by merger.
(c) The fees paid for services are non-refundable, regardless of whether the service is terminated, or recurring debits or charges are canceled, prior to the end of the then-current term or billing period.
By choosing to utilize these tools, you agree that we may record, monitor, and retain transcripts of all communications with you via these interactive tools.
You retain ownership of this content but we ask that you make sure you have the right to submit it to us in the first place, because when you submit it, you give us (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute it as well as your name, voice and/or likeness if also submitted (like if you take a selfie when using a Product).
By submitting communications, photos, data, information, reviews/opinions or any other content (“User Content”) to us or the Sites, you are (i) authorizing us to use such User Content (including, where applicable, your name, image and likeness) and (ii) granting us a limited, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, irrevocable right and license to copy, use, distribute, reproduce, modify, display, perform, create derivative works from, store and otherwise use such User Content, in any media known now or in the future.
(c) You also hereby forever waive and agree never to assert any and all “moral rights”, “droit moraux”, or any similar right you may have in or with respect to any Submitted Content under judicial or statutory law of any country in the world, or under any treaty.
We may sub-license, transfer, sell or assign the Agreement, and/or any of our purported obligations hereunder, at any time to any person or entity, with or without notice.
By continuing to use or access the Services after the revisions come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
Please note that we may change pricing for our Services at any time as we deem necessary or appropriate for our business.
Company reserves the right, in Company’s complete and sole discretion, to change these Terms of Use at any time by posting revised terms on the Product.
Without limiting the foregoing, we reserve the right to change the terms and conditions under which the Sites are offered at any time.
Rocket Lawyer reserves the right to increase all service fees at any time without notification to you.
Even after Content or User Content is removed from your account/profile, your messages, post(s), and/or threads, regardless of whether such removal or deletion is by you or by us, copies of that Content or User Content may be retained and/or remain viewable by us, our licensors, vendors, service providers, and/or other third parties.
EasyPost reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, supplement, or remove all or part of these Terms at any time.
We may charge you up to $500 if we are not able to retrieve any Product due to your actions.
Customer grants EasyPost a royalty-free, fully paid, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, transferable license to display, use, incorporate into the EasyPost Products and Services, copy, modify, publish, perform, translate, creative derivative works from, sublicense, distribute, and otherwise exploit Feedback without restriction.
In the event your usage exceeds the annual quantity estimate provided by you for a quoted subscription fee by more than 125%, EasyPost reserves the right to amend such subscription fee based upon the increased usage.
You agree that (a) your User Content will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary by us - regardless of whether you mark them “confidential,” “proprietary,” or the like – and will not be returned, and (b) to the maximum extent not prohibited by applicable law, we do not assume any obligation of any kind to you or any third-party with respect to your User Content.
By clicking “Accept all,” you agree to the storage of cookies on your device to improve website navigation, analyze website usage, and assist with our marketing efforts.
Submitted Content: Any information, data, text, videos, photographs, imagery, graphics, messages, links, expressions of ideas and other content you submit to the Product to be publicly displayed on the Product, used by Company in connection with researching activity, or for some other purpose.
We may amend these Terms from time to time, and the revised version will be effective when posted on this website or otherwise made available to you.
Rocket Lawyer may assign its rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services.
In some locations, we are required by the municipality to impose fines for improper use of our Products, including without limitation improper parking or reckless riding behavior.
By using the Sites to access listings and by contacting advertisers/properties via the telephone numbers listed on the Sites, you consent and give permission to have your voice, identity and call content recorded, monitored, stored and divulged for the purposes described above.
We may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time with or without notice to you.
By using a tool that allows for User Information to be transferred, you agree that we may transfer the applicable User Information or other information to the applicable third parties, which are not under our control.
However, Tresorit may freely assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement in its entirety to an Affiliate or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganisation or sale of all or substantially all of its assets provided that any such successor agrees to fulfil Tresorit's obligations under this Agreement.
Changes to Terms We may modify the Terms (including any Additional Terms, as defined below) at any time by posting a revised version.
If you have not purchased any Pro Products for more than a year, Porch reserves the right to terminate your Network Pro account, including any credits, incentives, rewards or the like associated with your account.
Payments for Porch Charges are immediately due and payable to Porch upon provision of the applicable Services and are final and non-refundable except as set forth in the Terms (or, if applicable, the Porch Guarantee).
If an account remains inactive for one year or more, Porch reserves the right to terminate the account, including any credits, incentives, rewards or the like associated with the account.
You grant Porch all rights necessary to publish or refrain from publishing your name (and, if applicable, your address) in connection with your User Submissions.
No refunds will be given.
Any monthly service fee credits (for trial periods), if any, are likewise not redeemable or refundable.
You acknowledge that Endicia may change these Terms at any time and from time to time pursuant to this provision and that posting the updated Terms on the Endicia website shall constitute adequate and sufficient notice, and you further agree to check for updates from time to time.
If you make arrangements with our transportation provider for a pickup time outside of your scheduled pickup time, we reserve the right to charge you a $150 change fee.
DDSI reserves the right at its full discretion to modify, delete, or add to these Terms at any time without prior notice.
Right of Inspection: You agree that we, our shipping partners, or any governmental authority including customs and security may open and inspect your shipment at any time.
We may assign these Terms of Use without restriction.
All payments for transactions are non-refundable and non-transferable except as expressly provided in these Terms.
We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of the Site or the Services, for any reason, with or without notice.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time.
If your account remains inactive for more than thirty-six (36) consecutive months and the balance in your inactive account is or becomes zero, Company reserves the right to close the Account permanently and cease to maintain your Account records and Program access.
StockX expressly reserves the right to assign this Agreement and to delegate any of its obligations hereunder.
Except as prohibited by law, Smartsheet may charge Customer a late fee of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month on past due amounts and a recovery fee equal to the total expense attributable to engaging a third party to collect such past due amounts.
StockX reserves the right, in its sole discretion to modify this Agreement at any time without notice.
You agree that this license includes a right for JEFIT to make such content available to other companies, organizations and individuals with whom JEFIT has relationships for the provision of syndicated services, and to use such content in connection with the provision of those Services.
We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms at any time.
You agree that StockX and its designees will be free to copy, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, disclose, distribute, license and sublicense, incorporate and otherwise use the Feedback, including derivative works thereto, for any and all commercial and non-commercial purposes with no obligation of any kind to you.
Assignment These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you without our prior express written consent, but may be assigned by us without restriction.
You (on behalf of yourself and your Organization, if applicable, and your other licensors) grant, and you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant, us an irrevocable, transferable, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), fully paid, royalty-free, and worldwide right and license to access, use, copy, store, modify, and display Your Content solely: (i) to provide, maintain, improve, or optimize use of our Services; (ii) to perform such other actions as authorized by you in connection with your use of our Services; (iii) where necessary (in our sole discretion) to ensure the stability and security of our Services and our systems; and (iv) for any other purpose consistent with the Privacy Policy.
Company has the right to transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of these Terms and Conditions without Your consent.
We may adjust future prices as necessary, in our sole discretion.
Changes to Terms of Use, Website and/or Privacy Policy We may change these Terms, the Site, or our Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion with or without notice.
We may share personal information with our other corporate entities and affiliates.
Contributions and Verifications are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods.
By use of the #LoveQVC or QVC brand hashtags, you grant QVC and its Third-Party Licensees the right to use your username, real image, likeness, caption, location, and/or other identifying information in connection with any use of your User Submissions.
Couchsurfing may assign any or all of its rights under these Terms, in whole or in part, without obtaining your consent or approval.
By providing us Trips Information, you represent and warrant that you have the right to give us an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully-paid, worldwide license (with the right to freely sublicense) to use, copy, modify, reformat, translate, syndicate and distribute that Trips Information that we receive from you for any purpose, including business, commercial, marketing, advertising, or otherwise, and to prepare derivative works of (or incorporate into other works) that Trips Information.
We may share personal information with our other corporate entities and Platform Partners only for the purposes of giving enhanced customer services.
Service Interruptions: You hereby consent to sharing your information with third parties unless you specifically opt out.
Return and Delivery Policy: Charges paid by you for completed and delivered orders are final and non-refundable.
We may disclose personal information to third parties.
EatStreet may also charge merchants fees on orders that you place through the Services, including commissions and other fees, and may change those merchant fees as we deem necessary or appropriate for our business or to comply with applicable law.
Assignment We may transfer our obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time without your consent as long as it does not reduce your guarantees.
Amendments: We may revise these Terms from time to time, without prior notice to you, to update, revise, supplement, and otherwise modify these Terms and to impose new or additional rules, policies, terms, or conditions on your use of the Service.
We may assign our rights and duties under these Terms without such assignment being considered a change to the Terms and without notice to you, provided your rights under these Terms are not prejudiced.
You agree to permanently waive any claims and declarations of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content to the extent such waiver is permitted by law.
You agree that we may change EatStreet’s Promotion Terms and Conditions at any time.
We reserve the right to change our contribution plans or adjust pricing for our service or any components thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion.
Solely to enable Us to use the information You supply Us with, so that we are not violating any rights You might have in Your Information, You agree to grant Us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise the copyright, publicity, database rights or any other rights You have in Your Information, in any media now known or not currently known, with respect to Your Information.
Pendo may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights or obligations hereunder without your consent.
Mixpanel reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify the pricing of its services and Subscription Plans, add new services or pricing plans for additional fees and charges, or amend fees and charges for existing services, at any time without prior notice to Customer.
If you choose to browse or transact on the Platform using the voice command-based shoppingfeature, you acknowledge that Flipkart and/or its affiliates will collect, store and use your voice inputs on this feature to customize your experience and provide additional functionality as well as to improve Flipkart’s and/or its affiliates’ products and services.
QVC may use, display, reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works from, combine with other materials, alter and/or edit your User Submissions in any manner and without notification or obligation to you.
We reserve the right to make changes or modifications to these Terms, or any policy or guideline of our Services, at any time and in our sole discretion.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, either party may assign this Agreement in its entirety, without the consent of the other party, to its successor in connection with a merger or acquisition (including by operation of law), corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets.
We and our affiliates will share / sell some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, or re-organization, amalgamation, restructuring of business.
Mixpanel reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of this Agreement from time to time, by posting the modified terms on a Mixpanel Site.
QVC reserves the right to discontinue or change specifications and prices on products and services offered through the QVC Services without prior notice and without incurring any obligation to you.
Fees paid hereunder, including A La Carte Fees, are non-cancellable during a Term, are non-refundable and shall be billed in U.S.
We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Terms of Use at any time.
We also share data with our advertising partners.
Flipkart reserves the right to change its Fee Policy from time to time.
You agree that any telephone calls or other communications between us and/or our agents and you and/or your agents may be monitored and/or recorded.
QVC may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms, including in connection with a merger, acquisition, sale of assets or equity, or by operation of law.
Such Content will become Our property and You grant Us the worldwide, perpetual and transferable rights in such Content.
If you share your content to third party services, then that content may stay on those third party services even if you subsequently delete your content on our Products or delete your Clubhouse account.Explain
While we’re not required to do so, we may access, review, screen, and delete your User Content at any time and for any reason, including to provide and develop our Products or if we think your User Content violates these Terms, our Community Guidelines, or other policies.
This license includes a right for us to make your content available to, and pass these rights along to, service providers with whom we have contractual relationships related to the provision of our Products, solely for the purpose of providing such Products
It's possible that search engines will continue to find and display your User Content as part of their search results, if you made your User Content available through other companies' services.
If you delete your User Content: It may continue to appear on our Service, if you have shared your User Content with other users
We may also use this location information for our internal business purposes, and for providing and enhancing our products and services and advertising.
Use of data: When you enter or upload your data into our services, we don’t own that data but you grant us a licence to use, copy, transmit, store, analyse, and back up all data you submit to us through our services, including personal data of yourself and others, to: enable you to use our services;
Intuit will own all such data and may use this data without restriction, including, but not limited to, operating, analyzing, improving or marketing Intuit's products and services, including the Site
LinkedIn reserves the right to limit your use of the Services, including the number of your connections and your ability to contact other Members
you are only granting LinkedIn and our affiliates the following non-exclusive license: A worldwide, transferable and sublicensable right to use, copy, modify, distribute, publish and process, information and content that you provide through our Services and the services of others, without any further consent, notice and/or compensation to you or others
This means, for example, that if you share a photo on Facebook, you give us permission to store, copy, and share it with others (again, consistent with your settings) such as Meta Products or service providers that support those products and services.
Permission to use your name, profile picture, and information about your actions with ads and sponsored or commercial content: You give us permission to use your name and profile picture and information about actions you have taken on Facebook next to or in connection with ads, offers, and other sponsored or commercial content that we display across our Products, without any compensation to you.
You irrevocably grant us perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.Explain
If you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you must not post such sound recordings to the Services unless you have all permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services You or the owner of your User Content still own the copyright in User Content sent to us, but by submitting User Content via the Services, you hereby grant us an unconditional irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable, perpetual worldwide licence to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit, and/or distribute and to authorise other users of the Services and other third-parties to view, access, use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit your User Content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented.Explain
You further grant us a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content.Explain
You acknowledge and agree that we may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value from your use of the Services, including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of advertising, sponsorships, promotions, usage data and Gifts (as defined and further explained in the “Virtual Items Policy”), and except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you will have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever.Explain
To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Services.Explain
You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof.
Users of the Services may also extract all or any portion of User Content created by another user to produce additional User Content, including collaborative User Content with other users, that combine and intersperse User Content generated by more than one user.
We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to content at our discretion for any reason or no reason.
By posting User Content to or through the Services, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content.
We, or authorised third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit or refuse to publish, your content at our or their sole discretion.
We have the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any posting you make on our Services if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above.
WE MAY CHANGE, SUSPEND, WITHDRAW OR RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF ALL OR ANY PART OF OUR PLATFORM FOR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL REASONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE 10.
We, our affiliates, and our third-party partners may place advertising on the Services, including personalized advertising based on the information you provide us, we collect, or we obtain about you.
We call Public Story submissions and any other content you submit to public Services, like Public Profiles, Spotlight, Snap Map, or Lens Studio, “Public Content.” Because Public Content is inherently public, you grant Snap, our affiliates, other users of the Services, and our business partners a worldwide, royalty-free, and irrevocable right and licence to create derivative works from, promote, exhibit, broadcast, syndicate, reproduce, distribute, synchronise, overlay graphics and auditory effects on, publicly perform, and publicly display all or any portion of your Public Content in any form and in any and all media or distribution methods, now known or later developed.Explain
To the extent permissible by law, you irrevocably waive — or agree not to assert against Snap or its affiliates — any moral rights or equivalent rights you may have in content you share on the Services throughout the world.Explain
This license applies to the separate video, image, sound recording, or musical compositions contained in your Public Content, as well as the name, image, likeness, and voice of anyone featured in Public Content that you create, upload, post, send, or appear in (including as reflected in your Bitmoji).Explain
For all content you submit to the Services (including Public Content), you grant Snap and our affiliates a worldwide, royalty-free (meaning that there is no ongoing payment to you required), sublicencable, and transferable licence to host, store, cache, use, display, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, publish, analyse, transmit, and distribute that content.Explain
For example, we may deactivate your account due to prolonged inactivity, and we may reclaim your username at any time for any reason.
We, Snap Inc., our affiliates, and our third-party partners may place advertising on the Services, including personalised advertising — with your consent, where required — based on the information you provide us, we collect, or we obtain about you.
While we’re not required to do so, we may access, review, screen, and delete your content at any time and for any reason, including to provide and develop the Services or if we think your content violates these Terms or any applicable laws.
We reserve the right to set storage limits for Memories, or to prohibit certain types of content from being eligible for use with Memories and we may change these limits from time to time in our sole discretion.
This licence applies to the separate video, image, sound recording, or musical compositions contained in your Public Content, as well as the name, image, likeness, and voice of anyone featured in Public Content that you create, upload, post, send, or appear in (including as reflected in your Bitmoji).Explain
We reserve the right to set storage limits for Memories, or to prohibit certain types of content from being eligible for use with Memories, and we may change these limits and prohibitions from time to time in our sole discretion.
Advertising may sometimes appear near, between, over, or in your content.
If you fail to comply, we reserve the right to remove any offending content; terminate or limit the visibility of your account, and retain data relating to your account in accordance with our data retention policies; and notify third parties...Explain
Your content in Memories might become unavailable for any number of reasons, including things like an operational glitch or a decision on our end to terminate your account.
This license includes a right for us to make your content available to, and pass these rights along to, service providers with whom we have contractual relationships related to the provision of the Services, solely for the purpose of providing such Services.
This includes usage information (information about how you interact with our Services — for example, which Lenses you view and apply, Stories you watch, and how often you communicate with other Snapchatters) and content information (information about content you create or provide, your engagement with the camera and creative tools, your interactions with My AI, and metadata — for example, information about the content itself like the date and time it was posted and who viewed it).
For example, we may automatically tag the Snaps you save to Memories based on the content within it (e.g., the Snap contained a dog), and then use that tag to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads (such as showing you Spotlight Snaps containing dogs)
On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be public content that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories, and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions, and Public Profile information)
For example, we automatically tag content with labels based on the content, your location, or the time of day.
Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time. +
To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside of where you live. +
We collect information you provide when you compose, send, or receive messages through the Platform’s messaging functionalities. +
We may collect information about the videos, images and audio that are a part of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear, the existence and location within an image of face and body features and attributes, the nature of the audio, and the text of the words spoken in your User Content. +
Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. +
We process the content you generate on the Platform, including photographs, audios and videos you upload or create, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and livestreams you make, and the associated metadata, such as when, where, and by whom the content was created (“User Content”).
Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use your profile information to identify your activity across devices.
We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze how you use the Platform, including which pages you view most often and how you interact with content, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and other content
We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Platform, such as your IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes, model of your device, the device system, network type, device IDs, your screen resolution and operating system, app and file names and types, keystroke patterns or rhythms, battery state, audio settings and connected audio devices.
Public Profiles Please note that if your profile is public, your content will be visible to anyone on the Platform and may also be accessed or shared by your friends and followers as well as third parties such as search engines, content aggregators and news sites.
To promote the safety, security of the Platform, including by scanning, analyzing, and reviewing User Content, messages and associated metadata for violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions and policies
We may receive information about you from others, including where you are included or mentioned in User Content, direct messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted to us, or if your contact information is provided to us.
That information includes the content of the message and information about the message, such as when it was sent, received, or read, and message participants. +
These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account
Where we store your information Your information may be stored on servers located outside the country where you live, such as in Singapore, Malaysia, Ireland and the United States. +
Although we will use reasonable measures to protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk
We may access content, including text, images, and video, found in your device’s clipboard, with your permission. +
We collect information regarding your use of the Platform, e.g., how you engage with the Platform, including how you interact with content we show to you, the advertisements you view, videos you watch and problems encountered, browsing and search history, the content you like, the content you save to ‘My Favourites’, the users you follow and how you engage with mutual followers. +
In addition to the main text of this policy, in the event we use information such as user-generated content and video content on our Platform as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, your personal data contained in such information may be disclosed to the recipients of such advertising or marketing content. +
- We may also use your information to, among other things, personalise content you see on the Platform, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience. +
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. +
- Advertisers, Advertising Networks and Measurement Partners We share information with advertisers and third-party measurement companies to show how many and which users of the Platform have viewed or clicked on an advertisement.
We may obtain information about you from certain affiliated entities within our corporate group, including about your activities on their platforms.
If you choose to sync your phone contacts, we will access and collect information such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information against existing users of the Platform. +
In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add location information to your User Content. +
If you choose to share your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. +
ransferring, storing or processing your information across borders, including from and to the United States and other countries: We share information that we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centres and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. +
- We share the information that we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centres, and externally with our partners, measurement vendors, service providers and other third parties. +
- Your information will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in: Places we have infrastructure or data centres, including the United States, Ireland, Denmark and Sweden, amongst others Countries where Meta Company Products are available Other countries where our partners, vendors, service providers and other third parties are located outside of the country where you live, for purposes as described in this policy How do we safeguard your information?
To decide what to show you and others, we use information that we have about you, including: Your profile information Your activity on and off our Products, including information that we receive through cookies and similar technologies, according to your settings Content that you create or interact with across Facebook and Instagram Things we infer about you, such as topics that we think you may be interested in Information about your friends, followers or other connections, including their activity or interests See some examples.
Public content can also be seen, accessed, reshared or downloaded through third-party services, such as: Search engines.
For example, when you share a post or send a message to specific friends, they can download, screenshot or reshare it with anyone, on, across or off our products. +
We also collect information about your use of our services such as access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through your social media account or when you upload information from your social media account to complete your profile. +
Information we receive from others In addition to the information you may provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including: Members: Members may provide information about you as they use our services, for instance as they interact with you or if they submit a report involving you.
For instance, we may share limited information on you in hashed, non-human readable form to advertising vendors.
Where you do upload and choose to tell us sensitive information about yourself, including through the addition of badges to your profile, you are explicitly consenting to our processing of this information and making it public to other Users.
We also collect data about your photos, such as which are the photos that users spend time on or which are the photos that have the best lighting, etc.
Such as IP address, hardware and software information, device information, device event information, unique identifiers, crash data, and read receipts.
Because we take measures to protect data from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.
We may make certain information publicly visible to others, such as: your profile and account information and information derived from them, as described here, listing pages that include information such as the Accommodation or Experience’s approximate or precise location description, calendar availability, profile photo, aggregated demand information, and additional information you choose to share, reviews, ratings, and other public feedback, and content in a community or discussion forum, blog, or social media post, and content you make available to the public, including Listing details on third-party sites, platforms, and apps.
Such as precise or approximate location determined from your IP address, mobile or other device’s GPS, or other information you share with us, depending on your device settings.
Your information may be further shared with service providers, including in China, to help run our business.
We may receive information about you and your activities on and off the Airbnb Platform, including from users of Airbnb, members of the public, or governmental, public, or tax authorities, or about your experiences and interactions from our partners.
We may retain your personal information as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as prevention of money laundering, fraud detection and prevention, and enhancing safety.
We may also share this information with other Match Group companies and third parties (notably advertisers) to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our services and on websites or applications of third parties, and to analyze and report on advertising you see.
Other Partners We may receive information about you from our partners where our ads are published on a partner’s service (in which case they may pass along details on a campaign’s success).
For example, when you link a music streaming account, we may collect information about that account such as the song you are listening to in order to display that information on your profile or as your status (if you have chosen to do so).
We may collect information about your location when you access our mobile application or website, or otherwise consent to the collection of this information.</li>
In other words, when you access the Site we are aware of your usage of the Site, and gather, collect and record the information relating to such usage, including geo-location information
With your permission, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses.
If you access the Services on your mobile device, we may directly collect precise geographic location information and sensor data via Global Positioning System (GPS), cellular network information, and other location-based features.
Certain Services (e.g., search.ch, local.ch and localcities.ch) can collect and store <strong>location-related data</strong> if the geo- location function of the device used is activated.</li>
If you have location services in the Revolut app switched on, we track your location using GPS technology
We may also use real-time geo-location information of your device,
The information we automatically collect may also include geolocation information, such as (a) information that identifies the precise location of your mobile device
If you tell us where you are (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send us your location), we may store and use that information to provide you with location-based advertising. If you want to deactivate this feature, you can either reinstall the Application or deactivate GPS on your mobile device.</li> <li>
We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address.
Please note that any communications, including phone calls, with Yelp or made through the Service may be monitored and recorded for quality purposes.
<p>We may review user account activity, such as private messages, account details and order pages, upon receipt of complaints from other users.
Information sent either one-to-one or within a limited group using our message, chat, post, or similar functionality, where we are permitted by applicable law to collect this information
We may store and process your private communications and data related to them to scan for malicious content, to detect spam or prohibited images, to review content for violations of our terms of use agreement, or to respond to legal process or law enforcement inquiries.</li>
You should be aware that, when you submit your content or disclose information about yourself in on Gfycat’s fun pages, blogs, private messages, and community forums, the Site will collect the information you provide in such submissions, including any Personal Information.
Information sent either one-to-one or within a limited group using our message, chat, post, or similar functionality, where we are permitted by applicable law to collect this information;
eBay's automated systems scan and analyze the contents of every message sent through its messages platform, including messages between users
We collect and process, which includes scanning and analyzing, information you provide when you compose, send, or receive&nbsp. messages through the Platform’s messaging functionality. That information includes the content of the message and information about when the message has been sent, received and/or read, as well as the participants of the communication.
We may monitor user messaging.
Messaging We collect information about your GlobaliD Messenger actions, including who you add or remove from contacts, your chat history, message length, blocked users, and message type, (image or text). We use your GlobaliD messaging activity to provide the Messenger functionality to our users.
By default, we store chat messages on our servers.
We use a combination of automated systems and a team of moderators to monitor and review accounts (including photos and any other information uploaded onto user profiles) and messages for content that indicates breaches of our Terms and Conditions of Use.
We may record and store any user messages or interactions within our platform for security and customer support purposes.
Your use of our messaging features constitutes consent for us to scan and analyze the content of your communications to ensure compliance with our community guidelines.
As part of our service offerings, we collect and process chat messages and posts to enhance user experience and tailor relevant content.
Messages exchanged through our platform are subject to automated screening to prevent the dissemination of harmful or inappropriate content.
We retain the right to review and monitor chat logs and communications between users to enforce our terms of service and protect the integrity of our platform.
Your private messages and chats may be accessed and reviewed by our compliance team for dispute resolution or to address any potential violations of our policies.
By using our chat functionality, you acknowledge that your communications may be subject to automated content analysis for quality assurance and safety purposes.
We may collect and retain messages sent through our system to ensure seamless communication and allow users to access their chat history.
Messages exchanged on our platform are subject to automated screening to protect users from harmful or inappropriate content.
Your communications with other users may be reviewed and monitored to enforce our community guidelines and maintain a safe environment.
We employ automated technologies to analyze message content, ensuring compliance with our terms of use and policies.
As part of our commitment to user safety, we reserve the right to monitor chat logs and user communications for potential security threats.
Messages sent through our service may be stored and processed to provide essential functionality, such as message delivery and retrieval.
We employ AI-powered algorithms to analyze chat messages, enhancing the accuracy of our search and suggestion features.
Any information you share in a public space becomes public knowledge.
Please note that your posts, once published, become visible to all members and visitors.
When you post content to a community forum, it becomes accessible to everyone on the internet.
Publicly shared data can be viewed, shared, and saved by anyone.
All content uploaded to public areas can be browsed, viewed, and downloaded by any individual.
Remember, information you choose to make public can be indexed by search engines.
Our platform provides an open forum, which means any posts or comments will be publicly accessible.
Any content you share openly can be viewed by the entire online community.
Facial data, such as when you use some features provided by us to create special effects or emojis for your streaming section or pictures that you uploaded on Likee Services, but such data will only be processed offline to fulfill the special effects or emojis and we will not use it for other purposes unless we have obtained your explicit consent or turn this into deidentified data.
We may use the photos submitted by users to verify their identities, such as through facial recognition technologies.
The scan may include the use of facial recognition technology so that we can compare the photo you submit to your profile photo, to help ensure that you are who you say you are
we collect your face geometry data, which may be considered biometric data in some jurisdictions, to verify that you’re the real you.
Physical characteristics or description (such as when you voluntarily submit a photo);\nOr other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you
When you consent in the user experience, we collect voice identification or face scans to authenticate your account\nAudio, electronic, visual, or similar information:
If you connect video or audio recording devices to SmartThings, to provide you with our services, we may obtain content (and related information) that is captured and recorded by those devices, such as video or audio recordings, live video or audio streams, and images.
Biometric information, such as retina, fingerprint, and voice recordings, may be used for individual identification.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your User Content, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your User Content.We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you.
We may combine the information we collect with information available from other sources, including information received from promotional partners or other third parties
In some circumstances, we may also collect information about you from our ABC online store fulfilment partners
Third parties may also provide us with additional publicly available information about you.</p>
We may also obtain information, including Personal Information, from third-party sources to perform a contract with you, where we have a legal obligation to do so, or where our legitimate interests permit such collection.
We may also receive information from third party organizations with which we partner to provide educational services.
We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, including marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The information received by us through these automated methods may include (but is not limited to) information about your activities across unrelated websites and mobile applications, information about the possible relationships between different browsers and devices, information that we receive from our third-party service providers, demographic data, information from social media providers, and information about your interests.
We receive information other people provide us, which may include information about you.
We may obtain information about you, either individually, or in the aggregate, from other sources, such as third party partners and affiliates.
Information from other sources</dt> <dd> <p>We collect information about you from other sources to enhance our existing Guest information and improve the accuracy of our records. This improves our ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing
EdX also partners with third parties to help us track and understand your activity on the edX Site
Some third-parties may provide us pseudonymized information about you (such as demographic information or sites where you have been shown ads) from offline and online sources that we may use to provide you more relevant and useful advertising
In some cases, we partner with Third Party Services that may provide information about you.
</strong>We may also obtain information, including personal information, from third-party sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically.
We work with third-party data partners who share personal information with us, including your demographic information, internet activity information, purchasing information, and interests, preferences, and other behavioral data, which help us understand you better and ensure the content and services we offer are relevant and compelling.
We may also collect images, audio, and video you submit or allow the Services to capture.
When you submit your photo to Twinning, you agree that your photo may be shared with Clarifai, and when you submit your photo to Aura by POPSUGAR, you agree that your photo may be shared with Microsoft, and that their respective uses of your photo are subject to their separate privacy policies.
Many of our services require us to collect images and other information from your device’s camera, photos, and microphone
We collect the content you create or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created
We use image recognition algorithms to find visually similar images as well as to help you organize your photos and make it easier to search images
hoto Location Information: When you upload a photo with geographical data (i.e. from a mobile device) or manually geotag your photo, we collect the location of that photo.
You grant permission for us to collect any images, videos, or audio recordings you provide or permit our Services to access.
By submitting your photo to Twinning, you consent to its sharing with Clarifai. Likewise, sharing with Aura by POPSUGAR implies consent to share with Microsoft, with each governed by their distinct privacy policies.
To operate many of our services, we need access to and collection of your device's images and sounds from the camera and microphone.
You consent to the collection of images, videos, or audio content that you provide or allow our service to access.
By using our service, you authorize us to display your username, profile picture, and content you create or share next to advertisements, products, or services without compensation, enhancing promotional effectiveness.
Your engagement with our platform grants us explicit permission to utilize your name and uploaded content in our marketing materials, including but not limited to digital advertisements and print media.
Participating in our online community allows us to feature your contributions, such as comments or posts, along with your username and avatar in promotional campaigns across various media platforms.
We reserve the right to use your public profile information, including your name and photo, in conjunction with your activities like likes and shares, to personalize and display advertising content more effectively.
By posting content on our platform, you consent to us using your submissions, along with your user details, in our external marketing efforts, such as website promotions and email campaigns.
Your use of our services implies agreement to have your user-generated content, including your name and likeness, featured in our advertising materials, both online and offline.
When you participate in our forum, you grant us the right to use your posts and related profile information in our marketing initiatives, which may include highlighting user experiences.
We may use your name, profile image, and the content you share for creating targeted marketing materials, where your interactions with our services are showcased.
Your activity on our site, like reviews or comments, grants us permission to publicly display this content alongside your username and profile picture in our advertising campaigns.
Engaging with our platform means your uploaded content and personal identifiers may be utilized in our promotional content, enhancing our service's user-centric advertising.
By sharing content on our network, you agree to let us use your posts and identity in marketing materials, such as user testimonials or success stories, across various channels.
Your interactions on our service, including content you share, grant us the right to use these in combination with your personal details for advertising purposes, without remuneration.
You consent to our use of your personal content and profile information, like your name and photo, for the creation and display of promotional materials related to our services.
Participation in our services includes granting us the right to use your submitted content, including any text or images, alongside your profile details for advertising and promotional use.
By posting on our platform, you allow us to feature your content and profile details, such as your username and avatar, in our marketing efforts to showcase active user engagement.
We and our third-party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, collect information about your visits to our websites and your interactions with our ads or content, together with
Data about the webpages you visit, including without limitation web browser specifications, websites visited before accessing our Sites, and websites visited after leaving our Sites;</li> <li>A record of your activity and interactions while visiting or using our Sites, including the existence or types of data you may upload or the terms you search;</li> <
usage patterns such as the number of clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, and time spent on a page;\nnavigation data such as pages viewed and the order of those pages, date and time of use, session duration, and error logs;\nlearning data such as content or classes watched, total minutes watched, and categories of classes you search for; and\nother similar information
pages viewed, page elements clicked, and duration and frequency of visits.
referring/exit pages; clickstream data; pages of the Sites that you visit; the time spent on those pages or interacting with certain portions of the Sites; information you search for on the Sites If you are an employee of bebo Technologies
when you access our Service and website for example, including access time and date stamp, pages viewed, IP address, the pages that directed you to our website,
We use them to track:\n\nHow you interact with our websites and digital adverts (for example, when you’ve downloaded content, clicked on an advert or viewed a video)\nWhat pages you visit on our website\nHow long you spent on those pages\nHow you got to our website and when you left i
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Online activity data may include the date and time you visited, duration of access, the browser or app version you used (and its settings), the URLs you come from and go to, and how you used Nextdoor or interacted with our emails and other messages
nWe may collect data about links you visit through any of your messages; and with respect to your activity in communities and channels – data about the communities and channels you have visited or follow, messages you have liked, messages you have sent, the content you have viewed;\nItems you searched and shared via Chat Extensions;\nOffers selected or redeemed
Viber may collect and use data about links you visit through any of your messages and data about the communities and channels you have visited or follow, messages you have liked, messages you have sent and the content you have viewed, for the purpose of personalized advertising
to collect information about how you use our website (including visits to our information pages) and show you associated adverts on other sites
Our data brokerage activities may include selling your data to third-party brokers, enabling them to distribute it to advertisers and marketers.
We may monetize your data by selling it to third parties, including demographics, location, and online behavior insights.
Collaborations with marketing agencies may involve selling your data to support targeted advertising and promotional campaigns.
We may sell your data to affiliates and their trusted partners for cross-promotion and marketing activities.
Your data may be listed for sale in data marketplaces, where businesses can purchase insights to improve products and services.
We retain the right to sell your data to various third-party collaborators, including demographics and online interactions.
As participants in data monetization, we may sell your data to trusted third-party partners, providing access to a wealth of personal insights.
Collaborative arrangements may lead to the sale of your data to third-party marketing agencies and data intermediaries.
Your data may be accessible for sale within legitimate data marketplaces, where businesses can procure valuable consumer insights.
Responsible data stewardship guides our data monetization efforts, which may involve the sale of your data to enhance marketing intelligence.
We may sell your data to third-party collaborators, ensuring compliance with data protection regulations.
Our data stewardship extends to partnerships requiring the lawful sale of your data for enhanced decision-making processes.
In line with data ethics, we engage in data monetization, selling your data to authorized third parties.
Collaborations with data intermediaries, marketing agencies, and data marketplaces may involve the sale of your data under legal agreements.
Your data's privacy is crucial, and we may engage in data monetization with authorized third parties to enhance products nd services.
We may, at our discretion, share or sell your data to trusted partners to support our services and their business needs.
Your information may be provided to third-party entities for consideration, allowing them to enhance their products and services.
In certain circumstances, we reserve the right to exchange your data with external organizations for their legitimate interests.
Your data might be utilized for financial gain through strategic collaborations with third-party data buyers.
When you upload images, our platform automatically geotags them to provide accurate geographical context.
By geotagging photos, we offer users the ability to explore and share content tied to specific locations.
We employ geotagging technology to enhance the location-based features of the photos in our system.
Geotagging photos is an integral part of our photo management process, improving their discoverability.
Our platform geotags photos to provide users with valuable location information for various applications.
We use geotagging to ensure that photos are associated with their exact geographic coordinates.
Geotagging photos helps us deliver a more personalized and location-aware experience to our users.
Our system automatically geotags photos to enhance their relevance in location-based searches.
We geotag photos to provide users with accurate location data and enrich their visual content.
Geotagging photos enhances the storytelling potential of each image by adding valuable location context.
Precise geotagging of photos is a key feature that empowers users to share location-specific content.
By geotagging photos, we enable users to discover and revisit moments captured at specific places.
Our platform leverages geotagging to enrich photos with meaningful location information.
Geotagging photos ensures that users can easily find and interact with content relevant to their interests.
We use geotagging technology to offer location-based recommendations and content discovery.
Geotagging photos helps us create a more immersive and context-rich experience for our users.
Our commitment to geotagging photos allows us to offer advanced location-related features.
Geotagging is an essential aspect of our photo processing, enabling users to explore content by location.
We employ geotagging techniques to provide users with precise location data for their photos.
e detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your User Content, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your User Content
We may collect and analyze visual data from the videos and images in your User Content, including object recognition, facial detection, and text extraction.
As part of our platform's functionality, we collect visual data from your uploaded videos and images, which may include identifying objects, faces, and textual content within your User Content.
We automatically gather visual data from your videos and images, such as object identification, facial recognition, and text extraction, to improve our services.
To enhance our offerings, we collect and analyze visual data from the videos and images you post, which may involve identifying objects, faces, and text within your User Content.
Visual data collection is integral to our platform's functionality, and we may collect data from your uploaded videos and images, including object and facial recognition, and text extraction.
For the purpose of improving user experiences, we collect visual data from your videos and images, which may include object recognition, facial detection, and text extraction within your User Content.
Our platform is designed to collect and process visual data from the videos and images you share, encompassing object identification, facial recognition, and text extraction from your User Content.
We gather and analyze visual data from the videos and images in your User Content, which may include detecting objects, faces, and text for various purposes.
To provide advanced features and functionalities, we collect visual data from your videos and images, including object identification, facial recognition, and text extraction.
We may collect and utilize visual data from the videos and images you upload, such as identifying objects, faces, and text within your User Content, to enhance our services.
Visual data collection is an essential part of our service, and we may collect data from your uploaded videos and images, including object and facial recognition, as well as text extraction.
Our platform automatically collects and processes visual data from the videos and images you share, including object identification, facial detection, and text extraction from your User Content.
We analyze and collect visual data from the videos and images in your User Content, encompassing object recognition, facial detection, and text extraction for various purposes.
For the purpose of improving our offerings, we collect visual data from your videos and images, which may include object identification, facial recognition, and text extraction within your User Content.
Visual data collection is an integral part of our platform's functionality, and we may collect data from your uploaded videos and images, including object and facial recognition, and text extraction.
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.</p>
You may request that we remove your Personal Information by contacting us, with the understanding that we may maintain an archive or back-up of the information not on the Website. </p>
In certain circumstances we have the right to retain information, even in the event of a request to remove the information.
You can remove your Content by specifically deleting it. However, in certain instances, some of your Content (such as comments or messages you make) may not be completely removed and copies of your Content may continue to exist on the Service.
User Content includes, but is not limited to, reviews, comments, and visual content. If you remove User Content, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your User Content. </p>
Content and/or User Engagement removed from the Services may continue to be stored by iFunny, including, without limitation, in order to comply with certain legal obligations, but may not be retrievable without a valid court order.
You may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained above. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. Some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account.
Account Information:</b> If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the AWS Management Console. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.</li> <li>
You understand and agree, however, that Webmail.co.za may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of User Submissions that have been removed or deleted.
However, FileFactory.com may retain Customer data in its archives after deletion and will not be liable to Customer in any way for such retained data.
After the thirty days are up, the deleted content may remain on our backups and caches until purged.
You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of Content may remain viewable in cached pages, archives and storage backups or if other users have copied or stored your Content.
You also acknowledge that some User Content (such as comments, posts or messages) not included directly within your Profile, may remain after the cancellation of your Profile.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as voice recordings, video recordings, physical characteristics or description, and photos
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information\nRecordings of conversations in Clubhouse rooms
For example, we manually review short snippets of voice data that we have taken steps to de-identify to improve our speech recognition technologies. This manual review may be conducted by Microsoft employees or vendors who are working on Microsoft’s behalf.</p> <p>
'Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory or Similar Information, such as full-face photographic images (when you apply for a job, sign-up as a user / driver or where we check your identity for delivery of age-sensitive products), video recordings / photos of our premises, call center recordings, or customer support chat logs.
Our primary focus revolves around the collection of voice data, especially during interactions with voice-enabled devices.
Voice recordings take center stage in our data acquisition strategy, captured when using our voice-activated services.
Emphasizing voice input, we gather and process audio recordings of your speech to enhance our offerings.
Voice recognition takes precedence as we gather and analyze voiceprints to facilitate seamless authentication.
The heart of our data collection lies in capturing voice commands, enabling us to refine our services for effortless user interaction.
We prioritize the accumulation of voice data, essential for training our systems to accurately respond to vocal prompts.
Voice interactions form the core of our data collection efforts, driving innovation in voice-enabled technology.
Voice data holds a central role in our mission, enabling us to understand user intent and enhance user experiences.
Our primary data stream centers on voice recordings, allowing us to develop advanced speech recognition capabilities.
We may also store information on servers and equipment in other countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service providers.
Information about your use of the apps or websites >>> FOR EXAMPLE, we collect log and event information related to how and when you use our services (such as the pages, servers, and channels you visit, the activities you engage in, or the embedded content you interact with).
Information Collected from Other Sources We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other users and third parties, and combine that information with the other information we have about you.
'Our communities are largely public and anyone can see your profile, posts, and comments.', 0.9197709521702678)
('We may share information with vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work for us.', 0.9195902042141166)
('Information collected from integrations We also may receive information about you, including log and usage data and cookie information, from third-party sites that integrate our Services, including our embeds and advertising technology.', 0.916152008231307)
('Please note, however, that the posts, comments, and messages you submitted prior to deleting your account will still be visible to others unless you first delete the specific content.', 0.9114620961995282)
('We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have restricted your account for breach of our Professional Community Policies), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to unsubscribe from further messages from us.'
Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).', 0.9146168349668418)
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined: Data from advertising technologies on and off our Services, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and device identifiers; Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry); Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections, groups participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3; Information from advertising partners, vendors and publishers ; and Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).'
We will share your personal data with our affiliates to provide and develop our Services.', 0.9055986785435997)
('Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not.', 0.9051597735481804)
('We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages in connection with our Services.', 0.9051437992002903)
(We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events.', 0.9031740046126735)
('Deleting your Account may not fully remove the content you have published from our systems, as caching of, backups of, copies of, or references to your Account Information may not be immediately removed.'
For example, we may share information with service providers that help us fight spam, payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you (hey there!), registrars and registries that allow us to provide domain registration services, analytics providers that help us understand and improve our services, and third party partners that pitch in on our marketing efforts (like identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns, and by placing ads to market our services), along with third-party consultants who may have access to information in the process of improving our processes and technology.', 0.9204503176443668)
('Information Obtained from Third Party Services: In some cases, we partner with Third Party Services that may provide information about you.', 0.9202704088763912)
(We seek to protect your information (including your Account Information) to ensure that it is kept private; however, we can't guarantee the security of any information., 0.9167444935397429)
('Content published and shared publicly is accessible to everyone, including search engines, and you may lose any privacy rights you might have regarding that content.', 0.9154462095256961)
('User Content: By default, all sharing through the Services is public, and when you provide us with content it is published so that anyone can view it.', 0.9146093005792854)
('In addition, given the nature of sharing on the Services, some of the public activity on your Account prior to deletion (such as reblogs of your blog posts) may remain stored on our servers and accessible to the public.', 0.9100844941636624)
('Information Shared with Our Agents in Order to Operate and Improve the Services: In some cases, we share information we store (such as IP addresses) with third parties, such as service providers, consultants, and other agents (Agents), for the purposes of operating, enhancing, and improving the Services, and developing new products and services.', 0.9072603625527826)
('As another example, if we are legally required to maintain a copy of your personal information we may deny your request to delete your personal information.', 0.9026939442622445)
'For example, occasionally we supplement the data we collect with information licensed from third parties to personalize the Services and our offers to you.', 0.9233659477076746)
('Information from Third Parties We also receive information about you from third parties.', 0.9207834045776854)
('As a result, these companies will have access to or otherwise process your data, including some of your Personal Information, in their systems.', 0.9090055782217705)
('Information in your public profile(s) will be seen by all other users, as will public family tree details.', 0.9059854308717091)
We may collect information about you from third parties (such as companies we partner with or that provide services to us) and public sources.
We may also collect information about you from our third-party marketing partners, or third-party service providers we may engage to provide you with certain aspects of our services or products, such as help desk service providers or hosting services.
We may also share personal information with service providers and/or data processors to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.
Our Service Providers: We share your personal data with our trusted service providers and business partners that perform business operations for us on our behalf (as data processors) and pursuant to our instructions.
We may need to retain some of your information for a longer period, such as in order to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes or defend against legal claims, or to enforce our Member Agreement.
However, the internet is not a fully secure environment and we cannot guarantee that personal information won’t be intercepted or improperly accessed.
Information We Collect from Other Sources - We may also collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to third-party verification services, credit bureaus, mailing list providers, and publicly available sources.
We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law, to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements or for other legitimate business purposes.
We may collect personal information about you from you directly, from other Members or other users of our Services, through technology that automatically collects information from your browser or device, and from third party sources.
HOW INFORMATION IS BEING COLLECTED We obtain information about you from a variety of sources, including you, your interaction with our Sites, and third parties.
We may also collect information about you if you attend one of our events, or engage with individuals representing our Company, or from social networks, public sources, and our third-party analytics service providers.
To Our Business Partners and Vendors - We work closely with certain business partners and vendors and we may provide Personal Data to our business partners and vendors so that they can offer or provide services to you.
It is our policy to only share Personal Data with contractors, service providers and other third parties who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
Accordingly, we do not guarantee the security of our databases, nor that information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet or other network.
We retain personal information in our server logs, our databases, and our records for as long as necessary to provide our Services.
The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website, whether that user is registered on the site or not.
Similarly, the third parties who serve cookies on our Site may link your name or email address to other information they collect, which may include past purchases made offline or online, or your online usage information.
The information they collect may be associated with your Personal Data or they may collect information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services.
Compliance with our legal obligations – we are required to retain certain types of data in order to comply with our obligations under applicable laws.
We may also provide supplemental information about our data collection or privacy practices in disclosures about specific Services or circumstances, or in some cases, at the time we collect personal information from you.
This includes, for example, sharing your email address with our third-party Payment Service Providers, to enable the processing of your payments.
HOW INFORMATION IS SECURED We retain information we collect as long as it is necessary and relevant to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy: To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
These third parties may use cookies, alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies, to collect information about you when you use our services.
We may combine Personal Data about you that we have collected from different sources, for example, by combining publicly available information from various sources (e.g., LinkedIn and others) to help analyze sales opportunities.
The overwhelming majority of User Contributions are public and may be seen by any person who navigates to them.
Where permissible according to applicable law, we may share certain personal information, such as hashed emails and advertising identifiers, with our advertising partners that help serve targeted online advertising to those Members or to similar audiences.
We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Your public posts: if you post information on our public spaces such as communities or channels, it may be searchable and available to anyone on Viber.
In such transactions, Personal Data about our users is often a transferred business asset.
To that end, the Content you post on Nextdoor, such as posts, replies, recommendations, messages, and your profile information, may be visible to other Members, businesses, governments and agencies, or the public, including Visitors (people who have not registered for our Services but may still access parts of our Services, as defined in the Member Agreement) and search engines and this Content may include personal information.
We may use this anonymous data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve our Services and promote Nextdoor.
Corporate Transactions: In the event of a corporate transaction (e.g., sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, consolidation or asset sale) we will share the data we store with our acquiring company.
If you post to any of our networking pages on third-party social media platforms, you are providing information to the public and do so at your own risk.
Deleting your Account may not fully remove the content you have published from our systems, as caching of, backups of, copies of, or references to your Account Information may not be immediately removed.
For example, we may share information with service providers that help us fight spam, payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you (hey there!), registrars and registries that allow us to provide domain registration services, analytics providers that help us understand and improve our services, and third party partners that pitch in on our marketing efforts (like identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns, and by placing ads to market our services), along with third-party consultants who may have access to information in the process of improving our processes and technology.
Information Obtained from Third Party Services: In some cases, we partner with Third Party Services that may provide information about you.
However, in certain instances, some of your User Content may not be completely removed and copies of your User Content may continue to exist on the Services, except for certain removal required by applicable law.
We seek to protect your information (including your Account Information) to ensure that it is kept private; however, we can't guarantee the security of any information.
Content published and shared publicly is accessible to everyone, including search engines, and you may lose any privacy rights you might have regarding that content.
For example, the Company is not required to delete your Personal Information if it has an overriding legitimate ground for retaining that information such as to prevent fraud.
However, please understand that our implementation of security measures as described in this Policy does not guarantee the security of your Personal Information.
In addition, given the nature of sharing on the Services, some of the public activity on your Account prior to deletion (such as reblogs of your blog posts) may remain stored on our servers and accessible to the public.
Information Shared with Our Agents in Order to Operate and Improve the Services: In some cases, we share information we store (such as IP addresses) with third parties, such as service providers, consultants, and other agents (Agents), for the purposes of operating, enhancing, and improving the Services, and developing new products and services.
To help select which ads to show you, we may share some of your information with advertising partners, or allow our advertising partners to “collect” certain information.
We may disclose your Personal Information: To our subsidiaries and affiliates; To our lawyers, consultants, accountants, business advisors, and similar service providers who owe us duties of confidentiality; To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information held by the Company pertaining to the users of our Services is among the assets transferred; To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, such as responding to a government or regulatory request; To enforce any contract we may have in effect with you; If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others; and If you have consented to such a disclosure.
Information Shared with Other Third Parties: We may share or disclose non-private information, Aggregate Information, or other non-personally identifying information with people and entities that we do business with.
Summary of Information We Collect In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information (as those terms are defined by applicable law) Identifiers (such as username and email address); Commercial information (such as transaction data); Financial data (such as credit card and other financial account information); Internet or other network or device activity (such as unique identifiers, browsing history or other usage data); Geolocation information (general location); Inference data about you; Legally protected classifications (such as gender); Physical characteristics or description (such as when you voluntarily submit a photo); Or other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
In addition to the data sharing related to our ads program, sometimes Tumblr shares your information with our third-party service providers to provide our services to you.
Our family of companies may use the information they receive from us to help us provide, understand, and improve the Services (including by providing us analytics) and in connection with their products and services (including by providing you with a more personalized experience).
When you visit a blog in our network, that blog may collect more information than we do, and may provide information to third parties that we have no relationship with, including to advertisers.
Personal Data we collect may include, but is not limited to, browser and device information, data collected through automated electronic interactions and application usage data.
The personal information we share includes online identifiers and internet or other network or device activity (such as cookie information, other device identifiers, and IP address), and geolocation data (approximate location information from your IP address).
Information Shared with the Public Through the Services: As noted in “User Content” and “Native Actions,” above, by default, content published through the Services and many actions you take on the Services are shared with the public.
We may also collect information that does not generally identify you but may become associated with your account.
Although we do provide tools, like password-protected blogs, Asks, and Fan Mail, that let you publish content privately, you should assume that anything you publish is publicly accessible unless you have explicitly selected otherwise.
We may share non-personal information with our family companies for purposes such as product improvements, research and analysis, and to help them provide you with more relevant experiences.
By way of another example, we may retain the content that you create and share publicly with the Rec Room community even after you stop using the Services.
Because this kind of information can be seen by anyone and may be indexed by search engines, you should be careful about what you choose to disclose publicly and make sure it’s information you want to share with everyone.
In addition, information shared publicly may be copied and shared throughout the Internet, including through actions or features native to the Services, such as reblogging.
In the event of a reorganization, sale or merger we may transfer Personal Data to the relevant third party subject to applicable laws.
When you use social features in Microsoft products, other users in your network may see some of your activity.
You can keep yourself fairly anonymous on Tumblr, but remember that your posts, blogs, pages, and username are all visible to the public by default.
Any User Content that you post on our public forums will be visible to the public and neither we nor any of our users owe you any confidentiality obligations in relation to your User Content.
When posting a message to a board, forum or chat area, please be aware that the information is being made publicly available online; therefore, you are doing so at your own risk.
When you authorize an application to use your account, depending on the scope of permissions you approve, it may access your public profile information, your following list, your followers, your lists, all your posts, and your favourites.
Also, please keep in mind that anything you share privately with another user, particularly through an Ask, Fan Mail, or submitted post, may be posted publicly by that user.
Should we happen to get acquired (again!) or go out of business (no way), the transfer of assets from us to our buyer may very well include user information.
Please be aware that despite our efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security.
We may collect personal information about you from third party sources, including when you use our Platform with third party products and sources.
Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
Information Collected from Other Sources We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations.
We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers.
We may share your personal information with our third-party service providers who use that information to help us provide our Services.
SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA In certain circumstances we may share your Personal Data with third parties without further notice to you, unless required by the law, as set forth below: Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may share Personal Data with vendors and service providers, including providers of hosting services, cloud services and other information technology services providers, event management services, email communication software and email newsletter services, advertising and marketing services, payment processors, customer relationship management and customer support services, and web analytics services (for more details on the third parties that place cookies through the Site, please see the “Cookies” section above).
We may disclose personal information to our affiliates and subsidiaries, as well as service providers, vendors and others for business purposes and to perform functions on our behalf (such as those who process credit cards and payments, perform shipping and deliveries; host, manage and service our data; provide technical support or logistics services; secure our Platform; distribute emails; perform research and analysis; manage brand and product promotions; and administer certain services and features on our Platform).
We disclose personal data to vendors and other business partners to perform services for us on our behalf, such as support services related to technology, communications, payment processing, advertising and marketing, analytics, automated chat providers, fraud and security, and customer relations.
Your personal information may be retained longer if required or permitted by applicable law.
Although we often collect the personal data described above directly from you, we may also collect certain information through our business partners, service providers, and other third parties that collect it on our behalf, such as communications providers, data brokers, payment processors, payment system providers, and information technology providers.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
Service Providers: We share information with third party vendors and service providers that perform services for or on our behalf, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements, providing mailing or email services, tax and accounting services, customer service, product fulfillment, payments processing, photo sharing, data processing and enhancement services, fraud prevention, web hosting, analytic services, or other online functionality, subject to appropriate contractual terms protecting the confidentiality and use of such data.
We may retain some personal data to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, as well as to allow us to manage our rights (for example to assert our claims in Courts) or for statistical or historical purposes.
Note that even if We honor your request to delete your information, We may retain certain information as required or permitted by law.
We may also collect the above data from other third parties, including service providers, internet service providers, partners and merchants, credit reporting agencies, government entities, data brokers, data analytics providers, advertising networks and financial institutions.
We may provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
We may permit third party online advertising networks, social media companies, and other third-party services to collect information about your use of our websites, including our mobile apps, over time so that they may play or display ads on our services, on other websites, apps, or services you may use, and on other devices you may use.
We collect information that you provide to us, information we obtain automatically when you use our Services, and information from other sources such as third-party services and organizations, as described below.
We may collect information about you from other third parties, including demographic information.
Show more Sharing Your Information We may share information with: Our service providers, business partners and affiliates Third parties you authorize Other third parties as required by law We limit how, and with who, we share your personal data.
Information retained for extended time periods for limited purposes - sometimes business and legal requirements oblige us to retain certain information, for specific purposes, for an extended period of time.
We may share behavioral information (including personal information and usage data) that we have collected about you in accordance with this Member Privacy Policy with our third party advertising partners, to permit such third parties to deliver advertisements when you visit other websites or mobile applications.
We share information about you with third-party vendors and service providers who perform services for us, such as identification verification, fraud prevention, advertising, mailing services, tax and accounting services, contest fulfillment, web hosting, and analytics services.
We also work with third parties to operate our products and services and may provide these companies with access to personal data to perform their functions.
Retention of Personal Information We retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you at the time of collection, unless otherwise required or permitted by law.
We will not delete your information if we need it to protect the security, integrity or functionality of our operations and systems, to comply with legal obligations, to provide you with a good or service you requested, or for certain other reasons.
We may combine information collected from other third parties with other information We collect about you.
We also obtain your personal data from other sources, including our affiliates, our partners, our customers, our vendors, third-party online services, social media platforms, data brokers, and public sources.
We also use third party services to match information that we hold with personal information in their database to create custom audiences and tailor advertising to your interests on the Internet, including social media, as permitted by applicable law.
Personal information and Sensitive Personal Information may also be obtained from others authorized to provide the information, from activity on the Services, and from other parties with whom we work, such as service providers, business partners, affiliates, advertisers, advertising technology providers, advertising servers, data analytics providers, and social networks.
DATA RETENTION We keep Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g. for tax, legal, accounting or other purposes), whichever is the longer.
We and our third-party partners may use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.
We collect this data from the following sources: directly from you, from our business partners and affiliates, from your browser or device when you visit our mobile app(s) or use our Services, or from third parties that you permit to share information with us.
We may share your personal information with business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested.
We might also collect personal data about you from our business partners, payment processors, service providers, and other third parties who collect personal data on our behalf.
We may sometimes share your personal information with partners or enable partners to collect information directly via our Service, including when you have indicated your interest in certain products or services.
We may also share your personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
We may combine personal information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as: Data providers, such as information services and data licensors.
We may share your personal information with our affiliated companies and Business Partners to perform functions such as assisting us with completing any transactions, sharing information about our products and services, or offering you our latest deals and promotions.
We disclose all of these categories of personal data for a business purpose to service providers or other third parties at the consumer’s direction, as outlined in the “Our Disclosure of Personal Data” section of our Privacy Notice.
We also use the information we collect and receive to provide ads for our Services and certain third-party services, and to send you promotional communications, although you have certain rights with respect to these practices, as described below under the Your Other Privacy Choices section.
We may provide your information to select third parties who perform services on our behalf.
Although we use reasonable efforts to safeguard personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your information obtained through the Site.
We may disclose or make available personal information to third-party platforms and providers to obtain personalized and tailored advertising services, to provide or make available certain features or portions of the Platform, or as necessary to respond to your requests.
The information in your User Profile may be visible to all Users and the general public.
As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to the Services and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
Please note that when you post information in these interactive and social features, the content may be publicly accessible or accessible to other users.
You can request removal of content you have posted on the Platform, but please note that removal may not encompass all possible locations, for example, back-ups or sharing by other users initiated prior to removal.
Please be aware that information you post on public parts of our website may be visible to anyone.
Please also note that if you choose to engage in public activities on the Services, such as through interactive features like a chat room, forum, blog, or other community tool, you should be aware that the information you share there will be publicly available and can be read, collected, or used by other users of these features.
Your username and any information that you post to our Platform, including, without limitation, reviews, comments, and other text, will be available to, and searchable by, other users of the Platform.
However any content that you choose to share and submit for posting is neither private nor confidential and you should expect that it may be made public and known to others.
Despite our efforts, we cannot guarantee that personal information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of our administrative, managerial and technical safeguards.
If you post a comment or review our website or a comment on our social media sites, the information you provide may be displayed publicly online for others to view.
Please be aware that any information you post publicly can be cached, copied, screen captured or stored elsewhere by others (e.g., search engines) before you have a chance to edit or remove it.
Information you choose to upload will be posted along with your user name and other information including personal information you attached to your publicly available user profile.
Remember that when you disclose information publicly online, it may be indexable by search engines or recorded by others, and any search engine index or record of your information may persist after you delete the information at the original source.
Any content you provide on these channels will be considered “public” and is not subject to privacy protections.
Public information for business or charity profiles may be indexed by and searchable on search engines.
Please remember that any content submitted to one of our social media platforms can be viewed by the public, so you should be cautious about providing certain personal data e.g. financial information or address details.
If you choose to post User Content on or through the Platform, such as through User-to-User messaging or through our review boards, forums, blogs, or other postings, that information: (a) may be or may become publicly available; (b) may be collected and used by third-parties with or without our knowledge; and (c) may be used by third parties (including other Users) in a manner that may violate this Policy or applicable law.
You should understand, however, that once you transmit User Content through the Platform, it may be acquired by others who may not be required to delete or modify such User Content.
With the general public Questions or comments from users submitted through public forums such as Uber blogs and Uber social media pages may be viewable by the public, including any data included in the questions or comments submitted by a user.
////new centroidAnalytics Data, such as information about your activity when you visit our sites or use our apps; this can include clicks, mouse movements, forms you fill out, and similar information.
Information about how you use the services, such as the pages you visit, the links you click, the ads you view and click on, purchase information and your checkout process, your location when you access or interact with our services, and other similar actions.
Internet activity, including history of visiting and interacting with our Service, browser type, browser language and other information collected automatically.
Online activity data, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access.
We may determine which promotional messages and advertisements you see based on personal data that we collect or receive about you, such as your demographic data, location data, usage data, interests, and preferences.
These services may collect data about your visits to our Online Services and other websites and apps that participate in these services, such as the pages or ads you view and the actions you take on the websites or apps.
This information may include specific geolocation data drawn from your device's GPS, Bluetooth and WiFi signals and nearby cell towers.
We collect certain data about all visitors to our websites, including what pages they view, the number of bytes transferred, the links they click, and other actions taken within our websites.
This information may include device information, browser history, internet protocol (IP) address, URLs of referring/exit pages, and search terms.
The information collected includes your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent, links clicked, and conversion information.
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your activity over time on the Sites and other online services, including: Device data, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, IP address, the website you visited before browsing to our website, and general location information such as city, state or geographic area.
Device Information - information about you: (a) from your mobile device or computer such as your device type, machine or mobile device identification number, Geolocation Information, time zone, language setting, browser type, and IP address, and (b) from third parties for purposes of transaction processing, identity verification, fraud detection or prevention and other similar purposes.
We may use these automated technologies through our Online Services to collect information about your device, browsing actions, usage patterns, and location, such as: your device IP address, location information, unique device identifiers, device type and model, device characteristics and settings, browser settings and characteristics, operating system type and version, language and country preferences, software installed on the device, usage statistics, error reports, referring emails and web addresses, and other device details.
This includes things like your home search history, homes you view, purchase activity, what you’ve clicked on and other uses of our websites, and the amount of time you spend looking at different parts of our websites.
This information may include IP addresses, device identifiers, browser characteristics, operating system details, internet service provider details, language preferences, referring URLs, time and length of visits, and pages viewed.
We also may obtain information about your interactions with our Online Services, such as the pages or portions of the Online Services you visit, links you click, programs or features of our Online Services you access or use, emails you open, content you engage with, referring or exit URLs, dates and times of usage, frequency and duration of your interactions, session information, clickstream and page-scroll data, and other information about your interactions with our Online Services.
We may also automatically collect information regarding your use of our Services, such as pages that you visit before, during and after using our Services, information about the links you click, the types of content you interact with, the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use our Services.
Geolocation Data - Including without limitation information that can help identify your physical location like your GPS coordinates or the approximate location of your electronic devices.
We may collect your precise geolocation (GPS) information from your device or browser, including with your permission available via your device or browser.
These ad services track information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites and apps by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs, web beacons, and other similar technologies, such as described in the Automated Data Collection section.
When you interact with our Platform, we collect technical information about your device including your IP address; unique identifiers; unique device identifier and device type; domain, browser type, version, and language; operating system and system settings; general location information and time zone; and similar device and usage information.
Location and route information is collected for example in the form of GPS signals (combined with a time-stamp), IP address and other information from sensors and receivers on or around your device,on which the Application is installed and activated.
We may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, browser or device information, general location information (including approximate location derived from IP address and time zone), and Internet service provider.
We collect information in connection with our ad campaigns that surfaced on other platforms, such as the ads you clicked on and other interactions with our ads.
This is information we automatically collect and store when you use and interact with our Services, including, for example: Information about your interactions with our Services, including the content you view, the products you bid on or purchase, the amount of time spent on our Services, the date on which you accessed our Services, and information in cookies and similar technologies; and Information about how you access our Services, including your browser or operating system, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and browsing history including the websites you visit before and after visiting our Services Device information.
Device data: We collect data about the devices used to access our services, including the hardware models, device IP address or other unique device identifiers, operating systems and versions, software, preferred languages, advertising identifiers, device motion data, and mobile network data.
Geo-Location For location information, we may collect and process both general information (e.g., zip code) and specific information (e.g., GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the platform or specific features of the platform).
This information includes links clicked, page views, purchases, searches, features used, items viewed, time spent within the Platform, information uploaded, items you add to your cart and your interactions with others within the Platform.
In addition, when you use our Technology Services, we collect certain information automatically, such as your device identifier, location and details of how you use the Technology Services.
This also includes ads for other third party products or services that are personalized based on users’ observed or inferred interests and characteristics, which we determine using data such as approximate location, trip information and history, usage data, demographic data (which may include inferred gender), and device or user identifiers.
Information We Obtain from Your Use of Our Services When you use our Services, either through your internet browser or the mobile app, we collect certain information automatically, such as your internet protocol address, device identifier, operating system version, browser type, internet service provider, location, clickstream data, and details of how you use the Services (e.g., search terms, pages visited).
We and others who use our Services may collect personal information that you submit or make available through our interactive features (e.g., messaging and chat features, commenting functionalities, blogs, and social media pages) or through the videos and livestreams that you upload to our Services.
These companies collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and online services over time through cookies, device identifiers, or other tracking technologies.
We and certain third-party vendors, including ad networks and analytics providers, may use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about the computers or devices (including mobile devices) you use to access the Platform.
For example, as part of our fraud prevention efforts, we may scan and analyze messages to prevent fraud or improper actions.
analytics cookies collect information about how you use the Sites, for instance, which pages you go to most.
We may also collect information about you from your interaction with and use of certain functionalities on our Sites
iber may collect and use data about links you visit through any of your messages and data about the communities and channels you have visited or follow, messages you have liked, messages you have sent and the content you have viewed, for the purpose of personalized advertising
We may also automatically collect information regarding your use of our Services, such as pages that you visit before, during and after using our Services, information about the links you click, the types of content you interact with, the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use our Services
Waze may collect and record how often you use our Services and for how long, your device type, unique identifiers, operating system type & version, battery usage, the third party web pages or applications you visit or use or interact with via the Application, information that you viewed on our Services, advertisements that are shown to you or that you view or click on, the fact that you used the Services to communicate with other users and the fact that you used third parties application/services via Waze to communicate with third parties
Information about how you use the services, such as the pages you visit, the links you click, the ads you view and click on, purchase information and your checkout process, your location when you access or interact with our services, and other similar actions.', array
and Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, and other information about how you use the Services
Interactions with our Services, Information about response time for web pages, download errors, date and time when you used the Teen Account, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, and other usage information.
Service Use Data, including data about features you use, pages you visit, emails and advertisements you view, portions of the TaskRabbit Platform that you view and interact with, the time of day you browse, and your referring and exiting pages.
We will also receive information about how you use Our Wi-Fi network while you are connected, including the store location, the areas of the store you visit, the names and/or Internet addresses of the websites you visit and the applications you use, and how long you interact with such sites or application
Online activity data, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access
In addition, we may automatically collect data regarding your use of our Services, such as the types of content you interact with and the frequency and duration of your activities
We collect information about your activity on our Services, which includes device identifiers (like IP address or mobile device identifiers), pages or features you use, time and date of access, and other similar usage information
Such activity data may also include:\nWe may collect data about links you visit through any of your messages; and with respect to your activity in communities and channels – data about the communities and channels you have visited or follow, messages you have liked, messages you have sent, the content you have viewed;\nItems you searched and shared via Chat Extensions;\nOffers selected or redeemed.
nline activity data may include the date and time you visited, duration of access, the browser or app version you used (and its settings), the URLs you come from and go to, and how you used Nextdoor or interacted with our emails and other messages
Electronic network activity data, such as information stored on log files, when you access our Service and website for example, including access time and date stamp, pages viewed, IP address, the pages that directed you to our website, information related to errors and crash reports.
We use them to track:\n\nHow you interact with our websites and digital adverts (for example, when you’ve downloaded content, clicked on an advert or viewed a video)\nWhat pages you visit on our website\nHow long you spent on those pages\nHow you got to our website and when you left it\nWe use this information to monitor how well our digital adverts are doing
nformation we collect from your use of our services and other interactions you have with our Sites - We may collect your usage information about how you use our services, including your access times, location, browser types and language, and Internet Protocol addresses.
We may automatically record certain information about how you use our Site (we refer to this information as “Log Data“)
e may also collect information about how your device interacts with our Services, such as the content you access, pages and sites visited before and after you reach the Services, the date and time of your use, the amount of time spent on the Services, and other actions taken through use of the Services such as preferences.
We use them to track:\n\nHow you interact with our websites and digital adverts (for example, when you’ve downloaded content, clicked on an advert or viewed a video)\nWhat pages you visit on our website\nHow long you spent on those pages\nHow you got to our website and when you left it\nWe use this information to monitor how well our digital adverts are doing.
When you use our website, we collect and analyze information such as your IP address, browser types, browser language, operating system, software and hardware attributes (including device IDs) referring and exit pages and URLs, the number of clicks, pages viewed and the order of those pages, date and time of use, content watched, total minutes watched, error logs, and other similar information about how you use the website
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about the content you view, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, your search history and your settings
We also collect information on how you interact with the viewed content, such as the date and time you view the content, the number of times and length of time you view the content, and which portions of the content you view.
We collect information about your computer and your visits to the Website, including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit, button clicks and page views
This includes information about your activity (including how you use our Services, your Services settings, how you interact with others using our Services (including when you interact with a business), and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities and interactions), log files, and diagnostic, crash, website, and performance logs and reports
We may also collect log information when you use our website, such as:\ndetails about how you’ve used our services;\ndevice information, such as your web browser type and language;\naccess times;\npages viewed;\nIP address;\nidentifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser; and\npages you visited before or after navigating to our website.'
This information includes your IP address, browser type, device type, your operating system, pages viewed, page elements clicked, and duration and frequency of visits
For example, each time you visit the Services we and our third-party service providers may automatically collect your location, IP address, mobile device identifier or other unique identifier, browser and computer type, Internet service provider used, clickstream information, access time, the Web page you came from, the URL you go to next, the Web page(s) that you access during your visit and your interaction with content or advertising on the Services.'
'We collect log files and other usage information when you access, use and interact with the Services (even if you have not created an account or logged into your account on the Services), including IP address, date and time that you signed up for an account, language setting, browser type, operating system type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, page you requested, user agent, date and time stamps, clickstream data, and information about your search and click activity.', array([0.82011695]))
For example, we may collect:\ninformation about your hardware and software, such as the hardware model, operating system version, device memory, advertising identifiers, unique application identifiers, apps installed, unique device identifiers, device usage data, browser type, keyboards installed, language, battery level, and time
information from device sensors, such as accelerometers, gyroscopes, compasses, microphones, and whether you have headphones connected; and\ninformation about your wireless and mobile network connections, such as mobile phone number, service provider, IP address, and signal strength.
uch information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device;
To provide such features or services, where available, Apple and its partners and licensors must collect, use, transmit, process and maintain your location data, including but not limited to the geographic location of your device
Precise location data <p>You can turn on Twitter’s location services, letting Twitter pinpoint your position. This enables you to use additional features on Twitter, like Tweeting with your precise location.<br> </p> <p>&nbsp;</p> Tweet your location <p>You can choose to share your location in a Tweet publicly, letting everyone know you’re at an event, venue, or anywhere else.
We may collect information about your location when your device is set to provide location information
When you use a location-enabled device, we may collect and process information about your approximate location, like the GPS signals sent by a mobile device.
The information collected by ShareThis may include user data (including IP address) and the geographical region as well as technical data.
We collect location information.</strong> For example, we may collect your zip code and state. Based on your IP address, we also derive location information.
Subject to your settings, we may collect, use, and store additional information about your location&nbsp;- such as your current precise position or places where you’ve previously used Twitter - to operate or personalize our services including with more relevant content like local trends, stories, ads, and suggestions for people to follow.
Location Information:</b> We collect approximate location of your computer or device you use to connect to our websites or Services based on the computer or device's IP address
Your geolocation information, IP address, web/app browsing and search history related to our Services,
We sell or share your general location information with third parties for targeted advertisements on and off the Site.
We may share certain information such as your location, browser and cookie data and other data relating to your use of our Service with our business partners to deliver personalized advertisements (“ads”)
We may share personal information including IP Address, for the purpose of providing support for the internal operations of our services and our site. </p> <p> Support for the internal operations of our Services and our Site means activities necessary for the services or site to maintain or analyze its functioning. perform network communications. authenticate users or personalize content. serve contextual advertising or cap the frequency of advertising.          PENDING
Geolocation DataWe disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers, law enforcement, and parties involved in Transactions.
Chrome automatically shares your location with your default search engine if the Chrome app has permission to access your location and you haven’t blocked geolocation for the associated web site. Chrome uses Google Location Services to estimate your location. The information that Chrome sends to Google Location Services may include: </p> <ul> <li>The Wi-Fi routers closest to you </li> <li>Cell IDs of the cell towers closest to you </li> <li>The strength of your Wi-Fi or cell signal </li> <li>The IP address that is currently assigned to your device </li>
we may share certain demographics information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, geolocation data, public and commercial information, and social media information.
<dt>Mobile Location Information</dt> <dd> <p>If you use a mobile device, your device may share location information (when you enable location services) with our websites, mobile applications, services or our service providers.
<p>We and our service providers may automatically collect location information, including general information (e.g., IP address, zip code) from your computer or moile device. If you access the Services through a mobile device, we may also ask you to share your specific geo-location information with us.
Service providers aiding us in determining your geographical position based on your IP address, for tailoring our offerings and other purposes consistent with our Privacy Statement.
Information obtained from or concerning you may be shared with such partners in business, including IP address, postal code, and advertising identifiers.
As you engage with our Services, we and our partners may automatically gather general location data (e.g., IP address, city/state, or postal code linked to an IP address) from your device.
We might also disclose specific details (including your IP address and identification of desired Steam content) to third-party network providers who supply content delivery network services.
Your precise location data, such as your running or cycling routes, could be shared on Strava or with non-members, following your privacy preferences.</p>
We have the option to utilize your location data ourselves and/or share it with third parties.
External parties could amass data, including personal specifics like IP addresses, browser versions, time zone settings, and device operating systems, as you access our website.
These external entities might gather your IP address or other device-related data.
We may share the accumulated location data with third parties, as outlined in Section 3.
Yuka reserves the right to collect, employ, and distribute User location Information to provide location-oriented services.<br>
In order to deliver location-centric services on Apple products, Apple and its partners and licensors, such as map data providers, could collect, employ, and share exact location information, including real-time geographic data.
We'll exclusively share location IP address specifics with third-party services to solely facilitate our service(s).
Exact Location Details, and these particulars might also be licensed and/or transferred to third parties.
For this purpose, our technology associates might exchange data, like your browsing trends, geo-location, and device identifiers.
Geographic data. We divulge your Personal Information for Business Purposes to the following categories of external entities:</p>
We, along with our service providers, leverage Personal Information gathered on the Site, such as your location and on-site activities, for monitoring, analysis, and enhancement of the Site.
However, on occasion, we make our location roster accessible to other reputable organizations.
WeatherBug might exploit and/or distribute location information to third parties, targeting advertisements for devices.
They could also collect IP addresses, device IDs, cookies, advertising IDs, and alternative identifiers, in addition to broad location data. Where applicable and with consent, they may use your device’s geolocation.
External entities could acquire GeoIP Data and/or Precise Location Data.
We trade or share broad location details with external parties for focused ads on and off the Site.
We might share particular specifics such as location, browser data, and cookies with our partners in business to furnish tailored advertisements (“ads”).
Geographical Data: We reveal this data to our affiliates, vendors, service providers, law enforcement, and parties involved in Transactions.
Chrome automatically transmits your location to your default search engine. Google Location Services may receive details like:
These corporations compile and distribute data regarding your purchase habits.&nbsp. In certain instances, this may encompass precise geographic information from your mobile device for delivering real-time content and offers.
To facilitate these goals, we might share diverse details, including demographic specifics, user-generated content, device data, usage patterns, geo-information, public and commercial data, and social media details.
Mobile Location Facts</dt> <dd> <p>If you're utilizing a mobile device and have location services activated, your device could share location information with our websites, apps, or service providers.
Our service providers and we might automatically assemble location information, including general details (e.g., IP address, postal code) from your device.
External entities that assist us might automatically receive your IP address during such occasions
For advertising purposes, third parties could obtain GeoIP Data and Precise Location Data.
Sharing general location details with third parties allows us to present targeted advertisements both on and off our Site.
Certain particulars, such as location, browser history, and cookie data, might be shared with our business partners to deliver personalized ads.
To support the internal functioning of our services and site, we may share personal data, including IP Addresses. This involves activities like network communications, user authentication, content personalization, and contextual ad serving.
Geographic Details: This information is shared with our affiliates, vendors, service providers, law enforcement, and parties involved in Transactions.
These companies gather and distribute data about your purchasing patterns. In some cases, this may entail precise geographical data from your mobile device, enabling real-time content and offers.
For these purposes, diverse information may be shared, including demographic data, user-generated content, device particulars, usage patterns, geographic information, and social media data.
To enable the limited advertisements on our Services, we may share device identifiers (i.e., an advertising identifier associated with your device) with our third-party advertising partners (listed HERE), reduced IP address (or GPS location data if you allowed us in your settings) and certain technical or aggregated data about you and the device you are using
Viber may share your device identifier (mainly, a unique device identifier generated by cookies or other tracking technologies used on our website and Services), as well as age range, inferred gender, and reduced IP address (or GPS location data if you allowed us in your settings) with third party advertising partners for the purpose of presenting you with personalized ads;\n
When you use the Services, we and our service providers may automatically collect general location information (e.g., IP address, city/state and/or postal code associated with an IP address, city/state) from your computer or mobile device.', array
To enable the limited advertisements on our Services, we may share device identifiers (i.e., an advertising identifier associated with your device) with our third-party advertising partners (listed HERE), along with certain of your device data (e.g. language preference), age range, inferred gender, country, city, reduced IP address (or GPS location data if you allowed us in your settings) and certain technical or aggregated data about you and the device you are using
This includes information such as hardware model, operating system information, battery level, signal strength, app version, browser information, mobile network, connection information (including phone number, mobile operator or ISP), language and time zone, IP address, device operations information, and identifiers
Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this information across different devices you use
information about your device, such as the operating system and device type, to help you receive Chats, Snaps, and other content in the optimal viewing format
This information includes your IP address, browser type, device type, your operating system,
device information, such as your web browser type and language;\naccess times;\npages viewed;\nIP address;\nidentifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser
We may collect device-specific information when you access our services, including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information, and information about the device’s interaction with our services
Other device data, e.g., data about your device’s operating system, your browser, browser or operating system language, your wireless network, your mobile carrier
Data we collect automatically from your device, e.g., data collected using cookies and other device identifying technologies (‘Cookies and Tracking Technologies‘):\n\nDevice identifiers, meaning identifiers for devices you have used to access our websites and application, including IP address, unique device identifiers, advertising related identifiers, MAC identifiers.
We use pixel tags, either provided by us or by our third-party advertisers, service providers and ad networks, to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our sites and Services and use them in combination with our cookies to provide offers and information of interest to you.', array([0.82646505]))
\nTo support these activities, we and our partners may use information about your visits, how you use our Services, how you engage with our emails or offers, your other interactions with us, and your interactions with other third parties and other websites.', array([0.85581106]))
('We may also collect or receive device, Internet, and network activity information, including your IP address, device IDs, the type of browser and operating system you use, your navigation through our Services, and other information about your use of our Services.', array([0.855
We may also automatically collect certain usage information when you access our Services (Usage Data), such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, log files, unique device identifiers, pages viewed, browser type, any links you click on to leave or interact with our Services, and other usage information collected from cookies and other tracking technologies.', array([0.78512509]))
('Usage Data includes information about how you use the Services, such as which Services you use, content accessed within the Services, date and time of use, amount of time spent on the Services, navigation within the Services, and entering and exiting URLs.\nData from other sources\nWe may also collect data about you from other sources, such as information you post publicly on social media platforms.', array([0.80026877]))
('These entities use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and online services, including your IP address, device identifiers, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information.', array([0.80109337]))
('\nOther Information About Your Use of the Services\nWhen you use our Services, we collect the following information about you:\n\nUsage Information: Whenever you use our Services, we collect usage information, such as the sessions you use, videos you view or content you listen to, what screens or features you access, and other similar types of usage information.', array([0.80589567]))
('Cookies also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the Service over time.', array([0.80820677]))
Internet network activity, cookies, and similar tracking technologies, including data our servers automatically record, such as your web request, IP address, browser type and settings, referring/exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, date and time stamp information, language preferences, and other such information
Cookies, pixels, and other tracking: We and our partners use various tools to collect data when you visit our sites and apps, including cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies.
We use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as ad delivery, reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.
Usage Information: We collect information about how you use our Service, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency and duration of your activities.
Providers of these services use cookies and similar technologies (as described in the Information That Is Passively or Automatically Collected section above) to help us analyze how Users use the Platform, including by noting the third-party website from which you arrive.
Targeted Advertising: These and other third parties may collect and receive information about your use of our Services, including through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected on different websites and online services (such as web pages you visit and your interaction with advertising and other content) across your devices, including, for example, to make predictions about your preferences and deliver targeted advertising to you, both on and off our Services.
For example, we make information collected via cookies and similar technologies on our Platform available to third-party advertising companies to serve you with relevant ads and content and to manage, improve and measure our advertising campaigns (see About Cookies and Similar Technologies below for more information).
This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information, and Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, and other information about how you use the Services.
Some of Our third-party advertising partners use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your online activities on Our Services and across other online services in order to deliver more relevant advertising when you are using the Services or other websites.
For location information, we may collect and process general information (e.g., zip code) and information that is more specific (e.g., GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the platform or specific features of the platform).
Mobile Location Information If you use a mobile device, your device may share location information (when you enable location services) with our websites, mobile application(s), services or our service providers.
Our service providers may collect information about your online activities over time and across different online services.
These entities may use cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other technologies to identify the devices used by visitors to our websites, as well as when they visit other online sites and services.
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history.
The information collected through these technologies includes your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique device or account ID, usage information and other similar information.
Depending on your settings, you may also see ads personalized to you based on: Information we received from you (for example, your saved “Home” & “Work” addresses) Past activity and search query history (for example, drives that appear in your drive list) Information from our ad partners, including entities that belong to the Google group of companies and other trusted ad partners.
We also collect information about the interaction of your devices with our Services, including, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request.
In addition, we may automatically collect data regarding your use of our Services, such as the types of content you interact with and the frequency and duration of your activities.
Geolocation Information - information that identifies with reasonable specificity your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell site triangulation.
The categories of information we may share with such parties may include device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; usage information, such as browsing history; location information, such as city; and inference data.
Through these ad services, we can tailor our messaging to individuals considering demographic data, inferred interests, and browsing context.
This log data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page visited before using the Site, browser type and settings, the date and time the Site was used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences, and cookie data.
These ad services may also track your online activities over time and across multiple websites and apps by collecting information through automated means.
Online Tracking and Do Not Track Signals: We and our third party service providers, including Facebook, may use cookies, pixels or other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Site and use that information to send targeted advertisements.
We also allow approved partners to collect data from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar tools; these are categorized as “Advertising Cookies,” and you can choose whether to disable them via either our Privacy Center or the “Cookie Preference” link at the bottom of our websites.
These third parties may set their own cookies or similar technologies to collect information about users’ online activities over time and across apps and websites.
They use cookies, web beacons, recorded interactions and other tracking mechanisms to collect this information.
We also use cookies and similar technologies to target advertising and content across our Platform and third-party sites and services.
Third-party Automated Collection We and our service providers use anonymous identifiers such as cookies and other technologies to collect and store certain types of information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) whenever you interact with us or third-parties that use our services.
As described directly below under Section 5, Interest-Based Advertising , these partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information about your activities across different websites and services to build a profile of your interests and provide you with relevant advertising.
For example, we may use this information: To show you ads (on and off our Services, including on third-party sites such as social networking services), including those that are based on your approximate location information and those that are based on your online activities over time, and across third-party sites and services (targeted advertising).
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies to automatically collect information through the Services.
We use third-party services, such as Google Analytics and its advertising products, such as Google Signals and Google Ads, that may collect usage data (using cookies, pixel tags and similar tools) about our Platform to provide us with reports and metrics that help us to evaluate usage of our Platform, improve performance and user experiences, and serve relevant advertising to you.
We may also combine and share such information and other information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) with third party advertising partners.
For example, our partners may deliver an ad to you in your web browser based on a purchase you made in a physical retail store, or they may send a personalized marketing email to you based on the fact that you visited a particular website.
We may also scan, review or analyze messages for research and product development purposes, as well as to debug, improve and expand product offerings.
We and our third-party partners use this information to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of content, and deliver advertisements targeted to your interests on our Services and other platforms, as well as to provide advertising-related services to us such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.
Some of the ways we market to you may include email campaigns, custom audiences advertising, and “interest-based” or “personalized advertising,” including through cross-device tracking.
To make our online store more useful to you, our online store may automatically track certain information about the visits to our store, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, clickstream data, referring/exist pages, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
We may, either directly or through third-party providers we engage to provide services to us, review, scan, or analyze your communications with other Users exchanged via the Platform or as otherwise described in this Policy for fraud prevention, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation, product development, research and User support purposes.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT When you visit the website or use one of our mobile applications or other Services, we collect your IP address, and standard web log information, such as your browser type and the pages you accessed on our website.
We or our service providers may disclose your information -- including the contents of your communications -- to other parties when required or permitted by applicable law in the jurisdictions in which we or our service providers are located, such as when we have a good faith belief that: Doing so is necessary to respond to lawful governmental requests or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant, or subpoena); The information is relevant to a crime that has been or is being committed; An emergency exists that poses a threat to your safety or the safety of another person or persons; or Doing so is necessary to protect our rights or property, defend against legal claims, or to enforce our Terms of Service.
We track these text messages for fraud prevention, to ensure appropriate charging of fees, to enforce our Terms of Use, and for quality and training purposes.
These service providers’ tools, including cookies and web beacons, allow us to collect information such as the state and zip code from which our visitors come and the IP addresses of our visitors’ computers.
It could also include unique numerical identifiers like your computer’s IP address or your mobile device’s MAC address, as well as cookies.
Google uses technologies to approximate your location, including IP address (see Google’s Privacy Policy located at https://policies.google.com/privacy to learn more about how they process this information).
We rely on your consent to send you direct marketing messages about our products, services and promotions and to deliver targeted advertisements to you, both on and off the Services.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
By entering a promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other entities to use your name, voice, and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.
Thus, other Users may be able to personally identify you based on Content you provide.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
We will disclose the photographs or film footage containing your image, voice and/or likeness when it is in our legitimate business interests to do so.
In addition, we may use facial recognition technology to process user profile photographs, identification photographs, or other user-submitted photographs to prevent identity-borrowing or use of our services by unauthorized drivers or delivery people.
A real name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name.
Device Data: Information from and about the device you use when you use our Services, including IP address, identifiers, type, mobile carrier, browser type and language, operating system, and location (if enabled, see Geolocation Data above).
Internet or Other Network Activity, including browsing or search history, and information regarding your interactions with our websites, mobile applications, emails, or advertisements.
Geolocation Data, including information that permits us to determine your location, such as if you manually provide location information or enable your mobile device to send us precise location information.
If you choose to share your location, depending on how you use the Services and your device settings, type and connectivity, we may collect location-based information including your IP address, GPS location, city, county, zip code and region and your smart device’s proximity to “beacons”, Bluetooth networks and/or other proximity systems.
For example, we collect log and event information related to how and when you use our services (such as the pages, servers, and channels you visit, the activities you engage in, or the embedded content you interact with).
If you choose to share your location we may collect location-based information including your IP address, GPS location, city, county, zip code and region and your smart device’s proximity to “beacons”, Bluetooth networks and/or other proximity systems.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about the content you view, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, your search history and your settings.
This includes information about your activity (including how you use our Services, your Services settings, how you interact with others using our Services (including when you interact with a business), and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities and interactions), log files, and diagnostic, crash, website, and performance logs and reports.
Usage Data: We may also collect information about how your device interacts with our Services, such as the content you access, pages and sites visited before and after you reach the Services, the date and time of your use, the amount of time spent on the Services, and other actions taken through use of the Services such as preferences.
Internet or Other Network Activity.Information including browsing or search history, including interactions with our websites, mobile applications, marketing and advertising.
Location Information: With your consent, we may collect information about the location of your device.
Such technologies and third-party-provided services may observe or record your activities when using our Services, including certain movements, scrolling, visit duration, clicks, and other interactions.
We deploy automated technologies to detect abusive behavior and content that may harm our Services, you, or other users.
This data includes information such as the amount of time spent on the partner site and pages viewed.
If you communicate with others using direct messages, we collect the content of the message and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received and/or read, as well as the participants in the communication).
Location Information When you use the Services, we and our service providers may automatically collect general location information (e.g., IP address, city/state and/or postal code associated with an IP address, city/state) from your computer or mobile device.
We collect and use precise location information from your device with your permission when you choose to use location-related features, like when you decide to share your location with your contacts or view locations nearby or locations others have shared with you.
This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and device you use, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and identifiers associated with your devices.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person.
These entities may use cookies, web beacons, mobile device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your Technical Information (such as SIM card and IP address).
Websites When you use our website, we collect and analyze information such as your IP address, browser types, browser language, operating system, software and hardware attributes (including device IDs) referring and exit pages and URLs, the number of clicks, pages viewed and the order of those pages, date and time of use, content watched, total minutes watched, error logs, and other similar information about how you use the website.
Our third-party partners may use technologies such as cookies or other similar technologies to gather information about your activities on our Website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests or help us track the success of our marketing efforts or overall Website performance.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as the website domain visited; which activities and offerings are used, how, and for how long; posts, discussions, and other types of engagement with us, including on our blogs, discussion forums, or chat rooms; the use of any hyperlinks or downloadable content available through the offerings.
This includes responding to user reports, generating transcriptions of content as part of our investigation, detecting fraud and malware, and proactively scanning attachments and other content for illegal or harmful content.
You share your information (including messages) as you use and communicate through our Services.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, screen resolution, color and depth, device identifiers and mobile network information.
Personal Data can include information such as your name, email address, IP address, and device identifier, among other things.
This includes information such as hardware model, operating system information, battery level, signal strength, app version, browser information, mobile network, connection information (including phone number, mobile operator or ISP), language and time zone, IP address, device operations information, and identifiers (including identifiers unique to Meta Company Products associated with the same device or account).
Personal Information collected: version of web browser, IP address, time zone, cookie information, what sites or products you view, search terms, and how you interact with the Site.
But they'll collect information related to: The devices you use to access the internet Your browser Your browsing history Cookies are widely used to make websites work better for visitors.
Use of Log Data When you use our services, we may receive information (“Log Data”) such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, and device information (including device and application IDs).
Location Information When you first launch any of our mobile applications that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to the application's collection of this information.
We use this information to supplement the information that we collect directly from you in order to derive your possible interests, provide more relevant experiences for you, and improve our products, analytics, and advertising.
We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data.
Some ad companies also use this information to serve you relevant ads from other advertisers.
As described more below, we may use cookies, pixels, log files and other techniques to collect such information, including IP address, device identifiers and other unique identifiers, browser type, browser language, operating system name and version, device name and model, version, referring and exit pages, dates and times of Service access, links clicked, pages visited, forms submitted, features used, crash reports and session identification information.
We use analytics tools and also work with one or more advertising networks and digital advertising partners (our “Ad Partners”) that use Cookies to collect information about application visitors, to serve ads, and to help us track results of advertising and marketing campaigns.
We use this information to supplement the information that we collect directly from you in order to derive your possible interests and to provide more relevant experiences for you and improve our products, analytics, and advertising.
We or third parties we work with automatically collect certain information using technologies such as cookies, web beacons, clear GIF, pixels, internet tags, web server logs, and other data collection tools.
Other data is automatically collected or generated about how, when, and why you interact with us through our offerings, including data obtained through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
Sales and Sharing of Personal Information We use cookies and/or similar tracking technologies that enable certain advertising networks, social media companies, analytics services, and other third-party businesses to collect and use your personal information directly from your browser or device when you visit or interact with our Service or otherwise engage with our platform online.
We collect and share some of this information directly with our advertising partners, and in some cases through the use of cookies or other similar technologies (which you may consent to, depending on your location).
For example, this includes information like your IP address, operating system information, browser information, and information about your device settings, such as your microphone and/or camera.
We may also use device identifiers, web storage, third-party-provided analytics services, such as session replay services, and other similar technologies and services, to collect information about your interactions with our content and Services.
You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products.
We may also ask you to provide information about your location, for example to use your geolocation information from your mobile device to geotag a post.
Additionally, we may collect device and online usage information, such as information about your computer, browser, mobile, or other device that you use to access our Site.
3.6 Tracking Data and Cookies We use Cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, pixels, ad tags and device identifiers) to help us analyze how users use our services, as well as to improve the services we are offering, to improve marketing, analytics or website functionality.
Please see the Learn more section below for information about our use of third party cookies, web beacons and analytics services, and other similar technologies on our websites and services.
We also use cookies (small text files stored by your web browser when you use websites) and related technologies, such as pixels and beacons (collectively “Cookies”), to collect and store information when you use our applications.
Other device data, e.g., data about your device’s operating system, your browser, browser or operating system language, your wireless network, your mobile carrier.
This may include, for example: We will collect and examine URLs included in messages or messages, which were reported by other users, or were otherwise suspected to be unsolicited and using your device operating system authentication services; We may use automated decisions to close an account based on such data and other logic we have created for this, in order to protect other users and prevent recurring breaches.
We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when communicating with merchants who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform.
When you visit any of our services, our servers log your IP address, which is a number that is automatically assigned to the network your computer is part of.
Some services that we use (including Third Party Services), such as Google Analytics, Nielsen, and comScore, may use their own web tags or place their own cookies on your browser.
These third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers such as Google, DoubleClick, Meta, and others) may also serve tailored ads to you as you use the Internet and Internet-connected applications, and access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services to assist in this activity.
COOKIES, ANALYTICS AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES We use cookies and similar tracking technologies such as pixel tags/web beacons and social media widgets (collectively Cookies) to collect and use personal information about you, including for analytics purposes and to serve you interest-based advertising.
To make our ads more relevant and useful, we make educated guesses about your interests based on your activity on our sites and services.
You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.
We share information about your use of the Site, your purchases, and your interaction with our ads on other websites with our advertising partners.
This data includes: Information that you post, comment or follow in any of our Content and Services; Information sent through chat; Information you provide when you request information or support from us or purchase Content and Services from us, including information necessary to process your orders with the relevant payment merchant or, in case of physical goods, shipping providers; Information you provide to us when participating in competitions, contests and tournaments or responding to surveys, eg your contact details.
We may receive information about you from others, for example, where you are included or mentioned in User Content, Direct Messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We and our service providers use cookies, web beacons, pixels, session replay/screen capture, and similar technologies to collect information and personalize your experience with our Services.
Information we receive from other sources We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other users and third parties, and combine that information with the other information we have about you.
Users, including businesses, with whom you communicate can store or reshare your information (including your phone number or messages) with others on and off our Services.
As discussed further below, we and our service providers (which are third party companies that work on our behalf) may use a variety of technologies, including cookies and similar tools, to assist in collecting this information.
Cookies and Similar Technologies To collect the information in the “Information We Collect Through Automated Means” section above, we and our service providers use Internet server logs, cookies, tracking pixels, and other similar tracking technologies.
Collecting such information may involve logging the IP address, operating system, and browser software used by each user of the Site.
We use technologies like cookies and pixel tags to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services.
Information from Other Sources: We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
We may also use content posted in larger spaces, to help us improve and power features like Highlights Notifications, identify harmful content on the services, and enforce our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines.
Information from Other Sources Examples of information we receive from other sources include: marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information; subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates, or third parties in relation to Buy with Prime Services; search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links); and credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information we collect from other parties: We receive and process information from our affiliates and from third-party sources, including employers, business partners, business contact databases, enrichment services, channel partners (e.g., resellers), marketing service providers, third-party data aggregators, and social networking services and platforms (e.g., LinkedIn and Facebook).
We may also receive additional information such as demographic and statistical information from third parties, including business partners, marketers, researchers, analysts, and other parties that we may attribute to you based on your assignment to certain statistical groups.
We may also provide limited information to advertising platforms to help us reach people that we think will like our products and to measure the performance of our ads shown on those platforms.
We may be able to determine from an IP address a user’s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of their point of connectivity.
We may disclose and match your information against databases or with third parties bound by confidentiality who specialize in identifying trolls, bots, scammers, spammers, fake accounts, stalkers, or illegal activity.
Other categories: We may collect information from the content that you create and share publicly in the Game, and information you choose to reveal in the Game through multiplayer chat or other public functions.
We may use the IP address associated with your log in to the Services to determine your general location in order to comply with global privacy regulations and serve you necessary notifications and/or consent mechanisms.
However, we do collect IP addresses from which we can determine your general location.
We reserve the right to reuse Forum posts that contain personally identifiable information in future versions of the Content Offerings, and to enhance future Content Offerings.
We will further store a log that will record your purchase for operational and fraud detection purposes, and such log will include your IP address or other device identifier.
With Your Consent or at Your Direction Where you provide consent, we share your information as described at the time of consent, such as when authorizing a third-party application or website to access your Skillshare account or participating in promotional activities by Skillshare partners or third parties.
For example, we collect information when you: Create an account and subscribe to our digital photography, media hosting or other services; Purchase photo prints or other products or services; Participate in a survey, contest or sweepstakes; Contact us for any reason, such as to request help with the Services or to provide us with your comments/feedback; or Post information in connection with your photos (e.g., in a photo caption) or in other forums or interactive areas of the Services.
User Content: By default, all sharing through the Services is public, and when you provide us with content it is published so that anyone can view it.
5.3 In accordance with internet standards, we may also share certain information (including your IP address and the identification of Steam content you wish to access) with our third party network providers that provide content delivery network services and game server services in connection with Steam.
We also collect your IP Address when you make a post, particularly when you submit an anonymous “Ask.” We may use this information about how you and others interact with the Services for a number of things generally related to enhancing, improving, protecting, and developing new Services, including but not limited to: providing users with personalized content; providing users with targeted advertising; improving our search results; identifying trending or popular content; fighting spam, malware, identity theft and generally keeping our users and community safe; and for legal and safety reasons as set forth in “Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others.” We use information about how you interact with Tumblr in order to personalize it for you, to keep both you and our community safe from harm, and to improve Tumblr for everyone who uses it.
Identifiers: We may collect your first, middle and last name, email address, username, postal address, Social Security number or employer identification number, telephone number, IP address, or display name.
Even if you are not logged in, the Plugins may send your IP address to social network services and/or platforms.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your User Content, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your User Content.
Photo Location Information: When you upload a photo with geographical data (i.e. from a mobile device) or manually geotag your photo, we collect the location of that photo.
We collect the content you create or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created).
For moderation purposes, some of this voice data may be recorded and sent to a third party service for additional processing.
We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform.
For instance, with your permission and for the purpose of improving our speech recognition technologies, we manually review short snippets of voice data that we have taken steps to de-identify.
Sensory data: We may receive your voice through your microphone and animation data derived from your head movement and facial expressions (for example through your TrueDepth® camera on certain Apple® devices).
For example, when it's included as part of your images, we may collect information describing your camera, camera settings, or EXIF information.
Object and Scene Type Recognition Technology We use image recognition algorithms to find visually similar images as well as to help you organize your photos and make it easier to search images.
We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Services.
In some public room instances voice chat may be processed on device, and in some cases recorded and transmitted to a third party service for moderation purposes.
The information we automatically collect or generate includes: Identifiers, such as unique user identifiers, unique device identifiers, IP addresses, cookie identifiers, information about product licenses, and usernames.
Some cameras and applications can store GPS (location) coordinates in a photo's EXIF header.
With your consent, we collect information about your location if you take a photo within the Flickr mobile application to add to your photo’s metadata.
Your Voice: We may use your voiceprint to understand your voice commands and, if you opt in, to improve our abilities to understand voice commands in general when you are using Peloton Guide.
The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, falls into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act, depending on how you engage with Buy with Prime Services: Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, IP address, or your Buy with Prime account log-in information; personal information, such as a credit card number or other payment information; information that may reveal age, gender, race, or other protected classifications, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis; commercial information, such as purchase activity; internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details; biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service; geolocation data, such as your address information; audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise; professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business; inference data, such as information about your preferences; and education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
Categories of Personal Information Collected: We may collect the following categories of Personal Information from or about you, with the type of information collected varying depending on your use of the Site and/or our Services: Identifiers such as a real name, postal address, IP address, email address, account name, telephone number, and device identifier; Other categories of personal information, such as signature and financial information, including for example your credit or debit card related information; Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; Commercial information, including for example records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies; Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your browsing and search history, information regarding your interaction with an internet website or application, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement; Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information; Professional or employment-related information; and Certain sensitive personal information.
Geolocation data: General location, we use IP addresses we collect and additional information (e.g., phone number area codes), to estimate your general location (e.g., city level).
Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device.
Location Information: In some cases we collect and store information about where you are located, such as by converting your IP Address into a rough geolocation.
The information collected from your photo and your voice by our third-party vendors may include biometric data.
For example, we may need to collect these identifiers to award you certain types of prizes under relevant laws; · Demographic information, which may include gender, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation, and other protected classifications under relevant state or federal law; · Financial and commercial information, such as credit card or other payment information and records of products or services purchased; · Real-time geolocation information, which may include precise geolocation information; · Communications and marketing preferences; · Favorite team and inferences about you and your personal preferences; · Audio, electronic, or visual information, such as photographs that you provide to us; · Biometric information, such as when you elect to use biometric authentication at stadiums that offer this functionality for entry or other relevant functionality.
We may collect audio, visual, and other electronic data, such as through CCTV footage from our stores, offices or premises, and call recordings.
We collect certain personal information from you, such as your name, telephone number, email address, date of birth, password, and other identifiers, as well as any personal and demographic information that you share with us, such as gender, hometown, photos, and images you provide to us or post to your profile, or product preferences.
As described further in the Information We Collect section above, the categories of personal information we collect, and have collected in the prior 12 months, include: · Identifiers; · Other unique identifiers, such as where appropriate, Social Security Numbers and government-issued identifiers; · Demographic information, which may include gender, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation, and other protected classifications; · Financial and commercial information; · Real-time geolocation information, which may include precise geolocation information; communications and marketing preferences; · Favorite team and inferences about you and your personal preferences; audio, electronic, or visual information; · Biometric information; · Information about your contacts and other information from your device; · Search queries; · Comments and other information posted in our interactive online forums; · Professional and employment information; · Education information; · Information that could be considered health information; · Correspondence, waivers or acceptances and other information that you send to us; · Internet and electronic network activity information, device identifiers, and information about your use of the Services when you visit or use the Services; and · Additional information as otherwise described to you in this Privacy Notice, at the point of collection, or pursuant to your consent.
Information We Collect As You Use Our Services Collection of Personal Data As is true of most digital platforms, we and our third-party providers collect certain personal data automatically when you visit or interact with our websites, mobile apps, and other online services.
If you elect to participate in certain programs offered by the MLB Entities (e.g., Go Ahead Entry), the MLB Entities and/or their Service Provider(s) may perform a scan or collect imagery of your physical characteristics to create a unique identifier associated with you based on biometric identifiers.
The categories of personal information we may collect and have collected directly from you within the past 12 months include: Identifiers - Including without limitation your real name, alias, account name, online identifier, Internet Protocol Address, unique identifiers, email address, birthdate, postal address, phone number, driver’s license number, or other similar identifiers.
If, after recording your own voice, you chose to share your voice recordings, other Waze users and other people will be able to download and use your voice recordings.
In any event (but except as detailed below with respect to information shared from your social network accounts according to your privacy settings for such social network accounts), your email address will not be visible to others through any reports or user posts that you share or upload. if you choose to either record your own voice onto the Service, or to use the voice command features, Waze will collect the voice information related to such use, including voice files.
Location information, such as general location information and precise geolocation data.
Location Data: Including general geographic location reflected in the Log Data we collect or more precise location when you choose to share it with us through your device or browser settings.
If you opt-in again, your personal information will be shared with third-party partners for targeted advertising purposes.
Uber ads: Users may choose here whether their data is used and shared with advertising partners to deliver personalized ads about Uber products and services on third party apps and websites, or to measure the effectiveness of such ads.
When you enable location tracking on your device, we may collect precise location information, to provide our Services, such as informing you about our inventory at our stores near your location.
When using the Digital PD tool, we use your camera and face mesh and depth map data from the TrueDepth API technology to measure your facial features, including your pupillary distance (PD).
Location Data, including imprecise location data (such as location derived from an IP address or data that indicates a city or postal code level), and, with your consent, precise location data (such as latitude/longitude data).
Common examples of Personal Data include: Full name Company and company information Email address Information about your device: Manufacturer and model of your device; Internet Service Provider (ISP); Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (or other device identifier); browser type; and operating system Metadata: Location; cookies; access times and dates; referring/exit pages; clickstream data; pages of the Sites that you visit; the time spent on those pages or interacting with certain portions of the Sites; information you search for on the Sites If you are an employee of bebo Technologies, we may also collect the following Personal Data: Government-issued identification numbers: Social Security numbers, social insurance or similar numbers in all countries, driver’s license numbers, passport numbers, national identification numbers, vehicle registration plate number.
We may collect device-specific information when you access our services, including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information, and information about the device’s interaction with our services.
Information We Collect from Your Use of Our Services and/or Third-Party Services - We may also collect information about you from your interaction with and use of certain functionalities on our Sites: Messaging: The Sites provides messaging to enable users to communicate with us.
The types of data we will use for such purpose will mainly include (as detailed in the “Data We Collect” section above): Data provided or collected through registration & under your Viber account, such as Identifiers; Geolocation data; Financial information provided or collected through your use of our limited financial services (e.g., payment solutions), or purchased subscription and offers; Data we collect automatically from your device, such as device identifiers, electronic network activity data, activity data and other device data.
The types of data we will use for such purpose will mainly include (as detailed in the “Data We Collect” section above): Data provided or collected through registration & under your Viber account, such as Identifiers, your photo and phone address book; General location; Data we collect automatically from your device, such as device identifiers and other device data; Data collected from other sources such as social media data and your contact name, as saved on other users’ device.
These companies and the Personal Information they may have access to include our: Laboratory partners (such as your Biological Samples); AncestryDNA test kit shipping providers (such as name, shipping address, and phone number); Payment processors (such as Payment Information); Cloud services infrastructure providers (Ancestry’s web and mobile services are cloud-based services; all your data resides with our cloud service vendors); Vendors that assist us in marketing analytics and consumer research, fraud prevention, and security (such as email address); Communications infrastructure providers (such as name and email address); and Vendors that help us provide some Member Services functions, like phone support or survey tools (such as Account Information or name or email address).
Market Products and Offers from Us or Our Business Partners We use some Personal Information (for example, demographic information available from third-party sources or from parts of Ancestry (profile, trees, etc.)) to market our products and offers from us or our business partners.
Advertising We use cookies and similar tracking technologies and integrations with third party marketing and advertising partners to collect data about your interests or behaviors to serve you targeted ads.
Information from Your Use of the Services We collect information about your use of the Services, such as when you search or access records or public family trees, which pages you view, links you click, or when you add people to your tree, etc., which we use to infer details about you as a customer and your interests to provide a better experience through, for example, search suggestions.
We also collect the IP address where your computer, mobile device, or the proxy server you use accesses the Internet, in addition to other technical information, such as: Your computer operating system; Your web browser; Your mobile-device identifier provided by your mobile-device operating system and your mobile operating system; and The name of your internet service provider or mobile carrier.
Information Category Description Computer and Mobile Device Information Ancestry collects information about how you access our Services, including the website you visited before and after Ancestry’s site.
We also collect your information when you communicate with Member Services and support teams for our other Services, including through audio and visual information (such as recordings of calls with Member Services or information voluntarily shared when participating in consumer insights research).
International Data Transfers We are a global business and will transfer your Personal Information to countries other than your own country, including to the United States, Ireland, the United Kingdom, and France.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to disclose information with our service providers and third-party partners for a variety of reasons, including to measure, target, and serve advertisements as further described in this Privacy Statement.
Your Content We collect information from content you voluntarily contribute to the Services, including (i) family trees; (ii) family memories such as photos, audio/video recordings, and stories; (iii) record annotations, messages; and (iv) feedback provided to Ancestry.
If you opt out of targeted advertising via the GPC or the opt-out preference on the Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information/Opt Out of Targeted Advertising page, we may still deliver advertising to you that is not tailored based on your Personal Information.
Information from Third Parties We also receive information about you from third parties.
This also includes Your Content (as defined in our Terms and Conditions) you choose to disclose with us that is considered a legally protected class under applicable state or federal law; Commercial information, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies; Internet usage information, such as your browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our sites and advertisements; Geolocation data, such as location of your device or computer and any metadata associated with digital photographs uploaded to Find a Grave, including the location, date, and time the photo was taken; Sensory data, such as audio, electronic, and visual information (e.g., audio or video recordings you upload, recordings of calls with Ancestry Member Services or information you voluntarily disclose when doing consumer insights research with us); Inferences derived from Personal Information, such as to suggest familial relationships and to create consumer profiles for the purposes of research, product development and marketing; and Sensitive Personal Information, such as driver’s license, account login information, racial or ethnic origin, and genetic data, depending on how you use the services.
Examples of information include: the type of computer operating system, device and software characteristics (such as type and configuration), referral URLs, IP address (which may tell us your general location), statistics on page views or interactions with activities, and browser and standard web server log information.
Collection and Use of Information In order to provide you with the Experience, we and/or our Experience Providers may collect certain information and/or content from you, including the following: Identifiers (such as IP address, identifiers from the devices you use to connect, characteristics about the networks you use when you connect to our Experience) Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as your interactions with the Experience) Geolocation data (such as IP address or GPS coordinates) We and our Experience Providers will use the information and content you provide to administer those Experiences. [This Experience may permit you to sign up to receive our email newsletter.
This information is collected using technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, and web beacons.
The emails we send might include a web beacon or similar technology that lets us know if you received or opened the email and whether you clicked on any of the links in the email.
Disclosure of Information We may disclose your information for certain purposes and to third parties, as described below: The Netflix family of companies: We might share your information among the Netflix family of companies (http://netflix.com/corporateinfo) as needed for data processing and storage, providing customer support, content development, and for other purposes described in the Use of Information Section of this document.
Specifically, we disclose these categories of information for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: Experience Providers, the Netflix family of companies, an entity engaged in a business transfer, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Personal Information We Collect We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“CCPA personal information”).
Name and Likeness By interacting with this Experience, you grant the Netflix entity that provides you with access to this Experience (Netflix, Inc. or Netflix International B.V.), its affiliates and respective successors and assigns and anyone authorized by any of them (collectively, “Netflix”), the irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive right to record, depict, and/or portray you and use, and grant to others the right, but not the obligation, to record, depict, and/or portray you and use, your actual or simulated likeness, name, photograph, voice, actions, etc. in connection with the development, production, distribution, exploitation, advertising, promotion and publicity of this Experience, in all media, now known and later devised, and all languages, formats, versions, and forms related to such Experience without compensation to you or any other individual, unless prohibited by law.
We may process this information to: send you promotional and marketing messages, and other information, show, personalize, measure, and improve our advertising on advertising platforms, administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by Airbnb or its third-party partners, analyze characteristics and preferences to send you promotional messages, marketing, advertising, and other information that we think might be of interest to you, and invite you to events and relevant opportunities.
Such as searches for Listings, bookings you have made, additional services you have added, access dates and times, the pages you’ve viewed or engaged with before or after using the Airbnb Platform, and other actions on the Airbnb Platform, including the pages or content you view and links you click to third-party applications.
We share personal information with affiliated and unaffiliated service providers (including their service providers) to help us run our business and for their compliance purposes, including those that help us: (i) verify your identity or authenticate your identification documents, (ii) check information against public databases, (iii) conduct background checks, fraud prevention, security investigations, and risk assessments, (iv) perform product development, maintenance, and debugging, (v) allow the provision of the Airbnb Services through third-party platforms and software tools, (vi) provide customer service, advertising, or payments services (see Citi Privacy Policy and Payoneer Privacy Policy for more information), (vii) offer additional services you select, (viii) process, handle, or assess insurance claims or similar claims, (ix) review, scan, and analyze communications on the Airbnb Platform for certain purposes, such as evidence of child exploitation, or (x) offer flexible payment plans and financing provided by a third-party credit provider see the Analyzing and Sharing Your Communications section for additional information.
In some cases, we may also scan, review, or analyze messages to debug, improve, and expand product offerings.
We may collect personal information from other sources, such as: 1.4.1 Third-Party Applications.
Information you share publicly on the Airbnb Platform may be indexed through third-party search engines.
For example, as part of our fraud prevention efforts, we scan and analyze messages to mask contact information and references to other sites and, subject to applicable law, we scan and analyze all images uploaded by users to the Airbnb platform in message threads, profiles, listings, and experiences for certain illegal or inappropriate activities – such as evidence of child exploitation – for the purpose of identifying and reporting content violations to appropriate authorities.
Information you have shared with others, such as Reviews and forum postings, may continue to be publicly visible on Airbnb, even after your Airbnb Account is canceled.
We may review, scan, or analyze your communications on the Airbnb Platform for reasons outlined in the “How We Use Information We Collect” section of this policy, including fraud prevention, security investigations, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, product development, research, analytics, enforcing our Terms of Service, and customer support purposes.
Device Information We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, advertising IDs (which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device’ settings and, in some cases, disable entirely), and identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify a device or browser.
Information collected by cookies and similar technologies We use and may allow others to use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels and SDKs) to recognize you and/or your device(s).
Information we receive from others In addition to the information you may provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including: Users Users may provide information about you as they use our services, for instance as they interact with you or if they submit a report involving you.
Usage Information Using the services generates data about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (e.g., when you logged in, features you’ve been using, actions taken, information shown to you, referring webpages address and ads that you interacted with) and your interactions with other users (e.g., users you connect and interact with, and when you matched and exchanged messages with them).
Other information: We may collect other information with your permission, such as photos and videos (for instance, if you want to publish a photo or video or participate in streaming features on our services).
Their assistance may include technical processing operations, such as data hosting and maintenance, customer care, marketing and targeted advertising, analytics, finance and accounting assistance, improving our service, securing our data and systems and fighting against spam, abuse, fraud, infringement and other wrongdoings We may also share information with other Match Group companies for other legitimate business purposes including corporate audit, analysis and consolidated reporting, where and as allowed under applicable law For corporate transactions We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
We also collect information about your use of our services such as access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through your social media account or when you upload information from your social media account to complete your profile.
These entities use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and online services, including your IP address, device identifiers, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information.
Use Of Cookies And Other Electronic Technologies Bloomberg and the parties with whom we work (e.g., service providers, business partners, advertisers, ad technology providers and advertising servers) may place, view, and/or use “cookies”, web server logs, web beacons, pixels or other electronic technologies to collect statistical and other information about you and your use of this Site.
The information collected by these cookies and similar technologies may include your: IP address; unique cookie identifier and information obtained through cookies; unique device identifier and device type; domain, browser type and language, operating system, and system settings; country and time zone; previously visited websites; information about your interaction with our Platform such as click behavior, purchases and indicated preferences; and access times and referring URLs.
Our partners may link the Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or inferred-interest information.
We may also collect log information when you use our website, such as: details about how you’ve used our services; device information, such as your web browser type and language; access times; pages viewed; IP address; identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser; and pages you visited before or after navigating to our website.
Information we automatically collect Our Platform, including the Websites, may collect information from you automatically as your use our Platform, including individual Websites and Apps This information may include: Browser and device data, such as IP address, device identifier, device type, operating system and Internet browser type, screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, plug-ins, add-ons, and the language version of the Websites and Apps you are visiting; and Usage data, such as geolocation data, browsing history, time spent on the Platform, pages visited, links clicked, language preferences, performance of features, patterns of use, and the pages that led or referred you to our Platform including individual Websites and Apps.
We and designated service providers, may obtain the following types of personal information in connection with this Site: Name, email address, postal address, account names and passwords, or other contact information Signature, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, or other similar identifiers Professional, industry, employment-related, or education information Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, preferences, and information regarding a user’s interaction (including reading habits) with an Internet website, application, advertisement Demographic information Billing information, credit card number or other financial information, which may include personal financial information if submitted by you in a survey on the Site Geolocation Audio, electronic, visual or similar information Inferences drawn from the personal information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences and behavior Personal information is obtained directly from you, from others authorized to provide the information, from activity on the Site, and from other parties with whom we work, such as service providers, business partners, advertisers, advertising technology providers, advertising servers, data analytics providers, and social networks.
We share limited information which may include Information You Provide, Technical Information, and Usage Information with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform.
Automated Data Collection When you interact with our Online Services or open our emails, we may obtain certain information by automated means, such as through cookies, web server logs, web beacons (including pixels and tags), technology to review how fans interact with our Online Services, scripts, and other technologies.
We may combine information that we collect from you through the Platform with information that we obtain from such sources, including public information sources and information derived from any other products or services we provide.
These third-party advertising partners may set Technologies and other tracking tools on our Services to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day).
Our Platform, including our Websites, may utilize tracking technologies to collect and record your activities and movements across our Websites throughout your browsing session, including to track button clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, resizing, touches, keystrokes, data entered, device information and orientation, browser visual elements, and screen size (“Session Data”), for purposes of our own internal analytics and improving our products, services, and user experience.
Information we collect about you from our partners We work with ad partners, including advertisers on our platform and entities that belong to the Google group of companies, in order to show you more relevant and useful ads based on your Waze activity and information associated with your device’s identifier (i.e, Advertising identifiers or similar technologies) shared with us by our ad partners.
This information may include information about the IP address of your computer, browser type, language, operating system, your mobile device, device ID, geolocation data, the state or country from which you accessed this Site’s services, the webpages visited, the date and the time of a visit, the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Site, the number of links you click within this Site, the functions you use on this Site, the databases you view and the searches you request on this Site, the types of articles you read, the data you save or download from this Site and the number of times you view an advertisement.
Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
As part of this advertising, we may “share” certain identifiers (like IP address and email address), internet or other electronic network activity information (like information regarding an individual’s browsing interactions on the Platform), and commercial information (like the fact that a browser visited a page with home improvement tips) with advertising platforms and advertising networks.
Publicly Available Information: We may collect personal data from publicly available sources, such as information you publicly post or tag us in on social media sites or elsewhere online, and information contained in public records databases, such as government records or public review websites, to supplement the personal data identified above.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including: Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Like most online services and mobile applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device.
When you use the MLB Properties, we use software tools, including but not limited to cookies (small amounts of data which include a unique string of characters sent to your browser or application from a website's computers and stored on your computer's or device's hard drive), web beacons (technology used to track activity, also known as pixel tags) and similar technologies, to collect a variety of information, for example the IP address of the computer or device used to access an MLB Property, the type of Internet browser or operating system used to access an MLB Property, the date and duration of a Website visit or the IP address used to access the Website.
Personal Data from Different Sources We may combine the personal information we collect from you with personal information we receive from other sources, such as third party providers of business information and publicly available sources (like social media platforms).
Specifically, we and our third party partners may use tracking technologies to automatically collect commercial information, preferences, and internet, network and device information, including: Information about how you access our services, such as the website from which you came and the website to which you are going when you leave our websites, how frequently you access the services, when and whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the services from multiple devices and other actions you take on the services.
These third parties may collect information about individuals’ internet or other similar network activity and browsing patterns, IP address, page interaction (such as scrolling, clicks and mouseovers), and information obtained via cookies with these third parties (such as the site visited before or after), and may retain rights to use some of this information for their own purposes.
(c) Information we receive from other third parties We may obtain information about you from third-party sources, such as public sources, social media platforms (like Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter and other platforms) and third-party data providers and information services.
Internet network activity, cookies, and similar tracking technologies, including data our servers automatically record, such as your web request, IP address, browser type and settings, referring/exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, date and time stamp information, language preferences, and other such information.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect Categories of Personal Data collected from you, including from your interactions with us and use of the Services: Personal Identifiers: Such as name, Business Name, Address, Phone Number, Email, IP address, Device Information, Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies, other information necessary to establish an account Records and Financial Information: Such as, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, amount you send or request, other financial information Commercial Information: Such as online shopping cart information, shopping activity on merchant sites, purchase history, and order tracking and product information Geolocation: We may collect IP-based geolocation data and Global Positioning System (GPS) with your consent during your user experience or based on your mobile application settings.
Typically, though not always, the information used for interest-based advertising is collected through tracking technologies, such as cookies, Flash objects, web beacons, embedded scripts, mobile SDKs, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, “tracking technologies”), which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including clickstream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site, device ID or AdID, geolocation, and other information.
For example, each time you visit the Services we and our third-party service providers may automatically collect your location, IP address, mobile device identifier or other unique identifier, browser and computer type, Internet service provider used, clickstream information, access time, the Web page you came from, the URL you go to next, the Web page(s) that you access during your visit and your interaction with content or advertising on the Services.
We may also automatically collect certain usage information when you access our Services (Usage Data), such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, log files, unique device identifiers, pages viewed, browser type, any links you click on to leave or interact with our Services, and other usage information collected from cookies and other tracking technologies.
Through our Services, we may allow third party advertising partners to set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, mobile identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day).
Cookies and Online Tracking Technologies DW may use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and browser) and other third-party tracking technologies such as web beacons (an electronic file placed on a website that monitors usage) to collect general and personally identifiable information, including Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information about visitors to the Websites.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, device identifiers set by your device operating system, and mobile network information (like your connection type, carrier and region).
Usage Information we collect may include information about your online sessions, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site or the App that you visit (or of the site you visited that had the Yummly feature), the time spent on those pages, information you search for, contact information or data you enter, products or content you view, links you click, access times and dates, mouse movements, screen captures, the model and device ID number of your mobile device, user settings, location (if you enable this feature), and statistics and information about your use of the Site and App.
About Cookies and Similar Technologies Nike, our service providers and third parties collect information, which may include personal information, from your browser, devices, or apps when you use our Platform using a variety of methods, such as cookies, pixel tags, identifiers for mobile devices, and other similar technologies.
We and our partners use various technologies to automatically collect and store information when you interact with or use our Services, including use of cookies, web beacons, mobile SDKs or similar technologies.
Information automatically collected through your use of the Services Category Description Usage Data When you use our Services, we collect and analyze: technical data such as your IP address, browser types, browser language, operating system, software and hardware attributes (including device IDs), online identifiers such as cookie data, referring and exit pages, and URLs; Skillshare app data such as mobile phone, tablet, or computer used to access the app, including device identifiers, IP address, operating system, version, internet service provider, browser type, domain name and other similar information, whether and when you update the app, date and time of use, error logs, and other similar information about how you use the app; site usage patterns such as the number of clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, and time spent on a page; navigation data such as pages viewed and the order of those pages, date and time of use, session duration, and error logs; learning data such as content or classes watched, total minutes watched, and categories of classes you search for; and other similar information.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through your use of our Services.
When you visit our Sites from a mobile device, we collect information about the mobile device you use to access or use the Sites, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and information about your use of our mobile applications.
Information Collected Automatically Like many other commercial websites, we use certain technologies, such as tools for collecting usage data, cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies, to automatically collect information that may contain personal data as you navigate our websites or use our Services.
We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and capabilities and language, your operating system, the date and time you access the Sites, and the website from which you linked to our Sites. our use of cookies and web beacons Cookies are small text files that a website transfers to your hard drive or device to store and sometimes collect information about your usage of websites, such as time spent on the Chevron websites (the “Sites”), pages visited, language preferences, and other traffic data.
We may share general course data (including quiz or assignment submissions, grades, and forum discussions), information about your activity on our Site, and demographic data from surveys operated by us with our Content Providers and other business partners so that our Content Providers and other business partners may use the data for research related to online education.
Information collected from other sources We may receive Personal Information about you from other sources, such as business partners, marketers, researchers, analysts, social network services, and other parties to help us supplement our records.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We use various technologies to collect information, including cookies, web beacons and similar technologies.
Usage Information refers to device, Internet and network activity information that Yummly, our business partners, and our service providers collect, including information about how you interact with our Services, emails, advertising, and content.
These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
We may use services provided by third-party platforms (such as social networking or other websites) to serve targeted advertisements on such platforms to you, and we may provide a hashed version of your email address or other information to the platform provider for such purposes.
For example, we may use this information to: Solicit input and feedback about our Services; Identify and address technical issues on our Services; Better understand the visitors who come to our Services and the content of interest to them; and Customize your experiences on our Services based on location information or your online activities, including the content you view, the products you bid on or purchase, other Services of ours you use, and other information we collect and receive.
These partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies on the Services and elsewhere online to collect and share information about your activities across different websites, mobile applications, and services to provide you with relevant advertising (Interest-Based Advertising or IBA).
We may also collect or receive device, Internet, and network activity information, including your IP address, device IDs, the type of browser and operating system you use, your navigation through our Services, and other information about your use of our Services.
These companies use non-identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g., static IP address) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about your use of the Services, including: Log Information: We log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Information from Affiliates, Social Networking Sites, and Other Non-Affiliated Sources We may collect information about you through Thumbtack affiliates or through non-affiliated sources, including public information sources.
Other sources: We may also supplement the Personal Data we collect from you with other information from third parties, including third-party vendors, affiliate network operators, referral sources, social networking sites or services (such as Facebook), and publicly-available sources.
Publicly available sources Partners we work with may, with your consent, collect information from your use of other connected devices, such as those made by other companies, to interact with our Services, such as activity trackers.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT We may collect data, including personal data, about you as you use our websites and Services or request our Services, and otherwise interact with us.
Examples of the information we automatically collect include: network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider; computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting; the location of your device or computer; authentication and security credential information; content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads; Buy with Prime Services metrics, such as program usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and Buy with Prime Services, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs); email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our Cookie Notice).
We and our partners may use other cookies and similar technologies to gather information about the use of our websites and the Services, and for other business purposes as disclosed in our Cookie Policy.
When you take a quiz or survey or respond to a poll on the Services, in addition to recording your responses, we may record your IP address and/or other identifiers in order to provide an outcome (for quizzes), report and analyze your survey results, or record your vote as part of the final count (for polls).
Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from Microsoft affiliates and partners as well as third parties, such as service providers acting on our behalf.
We also want California residents to know the following regarding our data collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Data in the past twelve months: We collect and use the following categories of Personal Data for the business and commercial purposes described in this Privacy Notice: Identifiers; contact and payment information; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (such as demographic information like age, gender, and disability); commercial information; internet or other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; audio, electronic or visual information; professional or employment information; education information; and inferences.
Information We Receive From Other Sources We may supplement the information we collect with outside records in order to learn more about our users, to better tailor the content and offers we show you, and for other purposes.
We receive information from third party service providers and other sources such as third party providers of business information and publicly available sources.
We, our service providers, and other third parties may use cookies, pixels, tags, and other similar tracking technologies on your browser or device when you use our Services.
These companies may also use non-cookie technologies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity including your activities on or off MLB Properties.
Examples of the data collected include: cookie IDs, device advertising IDs, transaction and browsing history, your interaction with our online and mobile advertisements, including advertisements we serve within our emails and advertisements that we serve on behalf of third parties through Roundel, Target’s in-house media company; information about ads we serve, such as which ad was served, your interactions with the ads, and the URLs where the ads are served by marketing partners such as Google.
Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
We share your information with third parties for the purposes of facilitating your requests (such as when you choose to share information with a social network about your activities on the Services) and in connection with tailoring advertisements, measuring and improving our Services and advertising effectiveness, and other enabling enhancements.
Categories of personal information collected Recipients of personal information Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number; Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information; Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about you and your business (if you are a merchant); Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them.
Transaction information: We collect transaction information related to the use of our services, including the type of services requested or provided; trip or order details (such as date and time, requested pick-up and drop off addresses, distance traveled and items ordered); and payment transaction information (such as a restaurant’s or merchant's name and location, amount charged, and payment method).
Disclosure of Personal Information The chart below shows the categories of Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information we have disclosed to our service providers and contractors for a business or commercial purpose during the last 12 months that may have been used by those parties.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a site that enable us to: (i) recognize your computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the web pages of the Services you have visited; (iv) enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness of content and advertising tailored to your interests; (v) perform searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security and administrative functions.
We collect information related to how you use the Services, including actions you take in your account (like sharing, editing, viewing, creating and moving files or folders, and sending and receiving electronic signature requests and other transactions).
We use tools, such as cookies, to provide essential services and functionality on our site, as well as to collect data about how visitors interact with our site, products and services.
Peach and some of our business partners and service providers may use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts, to analyze trends, administer the Website, track users’ movements around the Website, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We will also collect data transmitted by the console manufacturer, such as the console identifier, game data, and information regarding possible programming errors or malfunctions. f) If you communicate with other players (forum, chat, Ubisoft pages on social networks ).
For example, if you win a contest or sweepstakes, we may ask your permission to publicly post certain information on the Services identifying you as the winner. · Aggregate Information: We may disclose aggregate information, such as demographics and usage statistics, to advertisers, sponsors, or other organizations. · Geolocation Information: We may disclose your geolocation information to service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf.
Meta-data (information about your device, browser and app use): Waze collects information about the use of the Services and information from the device you have Waze installed on or the browser from which you use our Services.
The types of data we will use for such purpose will mainly include (as detailed in the “Data We Collect” section above): Data provided or collected through registration & under your Viber account, such as Identifiers and your Interests; Geolocation data; Data we collect automatically from your device, such as device identifiers, electronic network activity data, activity data and other device data; Data we collect from other sources and inferred data, such as social media data and inferences about your account and device identifier.
This information is used to tailor online advertisements to your perceived interests (based on the behavioral information collected about you) and to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.
Online activity data may include the date and time you visited, duration of access, the browser or app version you used (and its settings), the URLs you come from and go to, and how you used Nextdoor or interacted with our emails and other messages.
With your consent as required by applicable law, we may also collect information about the precise location of your device and access and collect information from certain native applications on your device (such as your device’s camera, photo album and phonebook applications) to facilitate your use of certain features of the Sites.
Vendors - We may share information with vendors and other entities in connection with tailoring advertisements, measuring and improving our websites and advertising effectiveness, processing your reservations to our pop-up events, executing pop-up events, enabling other enhancements to our stores, events, products and services, and helping us execute our other business and commercial purposes discussed in this Privacy Policy.
If you authorize us to access your contacts, calendar, or photos, we may also collect that information to provide you with relevant functionality; · Search queries; · Comments and other information posted in our interactive online forums; · Professional and employment information; · Education information; · Information that could be considered health information, such as when you purchase accessible seating; · Correspondence, waivers or acceptances and other information that you send to us; and · Additional information as otherwise described to you in this Privacy Notice, at the point of collection, or pursuant to your consent.
HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION We disclose your information to third parties for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, to protect us or others, or in the event of a major business transaction such as a merger, sale, or asset transfer, as described below.
When you use Zillow, we and our partners may use cookies and other tools to gather information about how you view and use our services and content, and to connect your activity with other data we store about you.
Sensitive Personal Data When we conduct research or carry out surveys and you participate in our research or surveys, we may collect sensitive Personal Data about you, for example, information about your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life or sexual orientation.
For example, we may provide Personal Data to our business partners or other trusted entities for the purpose of providing you with information on goods or services we believe will be of interest to you.
We and our third-party service providers use such Usage Data for a variety of purposes including to diagnose problems with our servers and software, to administer the Services, to gather demographic information and to target advertising to you on the Services and elsewhere online.
International Data Transfers We may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States and other countries outside of where you live.
Information We Collect From Other Sources We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
For example, GPS information that we receive from your mobile device may be provided to map editors in an aggregated and/or anonymous form to help improve the map and solve map problems, traffic data may be provided to cities, and aggregated ads analysis may be provided to advertisers.
We receive information through our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook “like” button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing information to help measure how users interact with our website content.
(g) Clear gifs/web beacons information When you use the Service, we may employ clear GIFs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our users.
Information Collection, Use, and Sources Personal Data is information that relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked (directly or indirectly) with you or your household, and may include Usage Information (as defined below).
Summary Information Collection, Use, and Sources We collect (1) Personal Data that you have voluntarily shared with us; (2) data concerning your activity when using the Services; and (3) data that is received about you from other third parties or otherwise collected through other sources.
This data includes, but is not limited to, the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, your IP address, mobile device ID, aggregate data about the number of visits to the Websites, and aggregate data about the pages visited.
Other Categories of Personal Data that Relates to or is Reasonably Capable of Being Associated With You - Including without limitation the messages you send us via social media websites, networks or other services that host user-generated content (e.g., your comments to our Instagram or Facebook posts, when you tag or otherwise link us in your social media posts).
We may share hashed contact information from our marketing database with social media and advertising companies (e.g., Facebook, Google, Pinterest, etc.), which — if you have an account with those companies or they are otherwise able to identify you — may be used to serve you and other people with ads.
In limited cases, we may provide certain personal information to third party businesses with which we have a joint promotional relationship or other trusted partnership.
If you have not opted out of us sharing your information with third parties for marketing purposes, we may also share your information (including Personal Data) with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
When you use the MLB Properties, we may disclose information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner/service provider, LiveRamp Inc and its group companies (“LiveRamp”).
For example, depending on your selected device settings and/or your account settings we may collect information about your location and travel (or lack thereof) also while you are not using the app, in order to be able to tell you when to leave for planned drives, notify you about bad traffic in your area, provide you parking assistance, analyze how effective our ads are and more; Terms or venues you searched; Your views and interactions with content and ads; Your voice and audio information when you use voice and audio features; Communication or other content you chose to share with any third party, including Waze users through the Services; Your activity on third-party sites and apps that you chose to link to your Waze account or that you interact with through the Service.
We may use location information to improve and personalize the Services for you, for example by showing you relevant local content.
We may share information as part of a merger, acquisition, or other sale or transfer of all or part of Our assets or business or with other entities as you have authorized or requested.
We may also share your Personal Data and your performance in a given Content Offering with the instructor or instructors who taught it, with teaching assistants or other individuals designated by the instructor or instructors to assist with the creation, modification, or operation of the Content Offering, and with the Content Provider(s) with which they are affiliated.
Analytics Data, such as information about your activity when you visit our sites or use our apps; this can include clicks, mouse movements, forms you fill out, and similar information.
(As described above, we may collect geolocation data from your device with your permission, or we may derive your general location, such as city, state or geographic area, from your IP address or other data.) Your device and software settings affect what information your device makes available to us.
We also collect information about your online activities on websites and connected devices over time and across third-party websites, devices, apps, and other online features and services.
We collect log files and other usage information when you access, use and interact with the Services (even if you have not created an account or logged into your account on the Services), including IP address, date and time that you signed up for an account, language setting, browser type, operating system type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, page you requested, user agent, date and time stamps, clickstream data, and information about your search and click activity.
This information includes your IP address, browser type, device type, your operating system, pages viewed, page elements clicked, and duration and frequency of visits.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
We also collect information about how you browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may enter.
As part of the location-based services, we also collect and store certain information about the users who elect to use such location-based services, such as a device id.
This information includes actions taken, date and time, frequency, duration, quantity, and performance information related to logins, clicks, messages, how you reached our Services, and other website and feature usage information.
We collect this information directly from you. - Internet or network information, such as browsing and search history.
Internet or other electronic network activity, such as browsing behavior and information about your usage and interactions with our Services.
This includes technical information, information about your visit, and information about your activity on our Site such as courses searched and viewed, page response times, download errors, length of visit to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouseovers), methods to browse to and away from a page, and methods used to contact our sales and support teams.
These partners may use cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on many online services, including ours, to collect information to serve you more relevant ads.
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “Cookies”) to recognize you as a user, customize your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Services.
We collect this information directly from your device. - Geolocation data, such as IP address.
This information that we collect automatically may be combined with other information about you in order to personalize content, communications and advertising based on your interests.
We also collect any messages you send us through the Service, and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service (such as text and photos you upload to use in your designs).
We also record and store, and reserve the right (but have no obligation) to monitor voice and text chat and similar details about optional interactions for a period we determine is appropriate to help us, among other things, address disruptive behavior, improve our services, enforce our rules and policies and Terms of Service, and foster a more positive gaming community for our players.
IPs and other metadata: When you log in, we record the IP address you log in from, as well as the name of your browser application.
For example, as part of our fraud prevention efforts, we scan and analyze messages to mask contact information and references to other sites, and subject to applicable law, we scan and analyze all images uploaded by users to the Airbnb platform in message threads, profiles, listings, and experiences for certain illegal or inappropriate activities (such as evidence of child exploitation) for the purpose of identifying and reporting content violations to appropriate authorities.
In order to ensure the proper monitoring of our relationship as well as your relationship with other users and to manage the various aspects of these relationships (including competitions and results), we also keep a copy of our written exchanges as well as public messages or those which you exchanged with other users of the site.
We also collect content within any messages you exchange with other Users through the TaskRabbit Platform (such as through our chat functionality).
We also may retain server logs which include the IP address of every request to our server.
WHAT TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT 3.1 WEB SERVER PROTOCOLS (INCLUDING IP ADDRESS) (a) When you visit and use the Website, our web server automatically collects your IP address, the date and time of your visit to the Website, the sites visited on the Marketplace, the referrer website, your browser type, your operating system, the domain name and the address of your internet access provider, to help us understand how you use our Website and to help us improve it.
We may receive information from third parties, including website publishers, social network providers, law enforcement, and others, about potential violators of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines.
This information may include your name, photo, email address, and any other information you agree to let the third party service share with us.
We may display parts of your public profile and other Content you make available to the public like Listing details on third-party sites, platforms, and apps.
Our advertisers may use cookies on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address and the browser you used to visit our site.
With your consent, we may post your testimonial, along with your name, on the Services.
Where permissible under applicable law, we may use certain information about you, such as your email address, that we share with social media platforms after de-identifying it to generate leads, drive traffic to Airbnb, or otherwise promote our products and services.
This content may be viewed, used, and shared by the public at large both on and off our services, including through search results, on websites, in apps, and in online and offline broadcasts.
For example, you can elect to make certain of your User Submissions (such as your alias, bio, email or photos) publicly available.
Your Sharing When you use certain social features on our Platform, you can make your profile public that may include information such as your screen name, profile picture and hometown.
You may choose to give permission for our Services to collect images, photos, videos, and other information from your device’s camera and photo library For example, when you choose to include images, photos, or videos in your posts these files may include metadata indicating how, when, where and by whom the files were created and how they are formatted.
Biometric Information Examples: Physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics, including DNA, that can be used, singly or in combination with each other or with other identifying data, to establish individual identity, such as imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information.
We collect information about content you create or provide on our services, and your engagement with the camera and creative tools.
For certain content, this may include information based on the content of the image, video, and audio.
Such photos may be used to verify a user’s identity, such as through facial verification technologies.
In addition, when you interact with certain features of our Platform, we may collect the content of those communications.
The terms and conditions applicable to such programs (e.g., Go Ahead Entry) may include terms regarding the capture and use of this biometric information, and you should familiarize yourself with those terms if you elect to utilize and engage with any such programs.
Identity Data, such as your name, date of birth, marital status, social security number, biometric identifiers, and other data on government-issued identification documents; Contact Data, such as your email address, mailing address, and telephone number; Financial Data, such as your bank account and payment card details, and information about your income, account balances, financial transaction history, credit history, tax information, and credit scores; Profile Data, such as your username and password, your knowledge assessment results, your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses; Stored Content, such as photos from your mobile phone gallery or contacts stored in your mobile device or email accounts.
Audio and Visual Information - Including without limitation photos or video recordings that may be taken of you if you visit our stores or attend our pop-up events (e.g., as a security measure and to ensure the safety of our properties, we may also use video surveillance technology at our stores and pop-up events).
These activities include, but are not limited to: labeling and detecting components in images (e.g., background, eyes) in order to enhance photo editing tools such as background removal, blemish and red eye correction and erasure of components; labeling raw individual data (e.g., “man with dog”) detecting content prohibited by our Acceptable Use Policy for moderation and security purposes (e.g., pornographic or copyright protected material); translating audio soundtracks; predicting the most relevant subscription or product offerings for a user to tailor communications and advertising; search terms and corresponding search results interaction data to build an algorithm to deliver the most relevant design result.
When you grant us access, we may collect your photos, contacts and calendar information stored on your device.
Use of Information Our use of the following information, which we call “Photographer Personal Data,” is limited by our agreements with our registered users: (i) images and videos that the user uploads to or creates in the Services, and (ii) any labels, tags, comments, descriptions or categorizations that user adds to those images and videos in the Services.
Visual, audio, and electronic information, such as your picture or signature; records of our interactions, such as correspondence, details of complaints and their resolutions, service records; your preferences, including your preferred tools, experience, language, and the frequency at which you wish to receive marketing communications.
The terms and conditions applicable to your access to the applicable facility, game or event may include terms regarding the capture and use of video or audiovisual recordings and you should familiarize yourself with those terms.
For example, we use your location information to provide you with the option to add POI data to your photo.
This means that personal data includes things like email usernames, user generated content, sex, age rage, place of origin, user profile (journalist, consumer etc.).
This information includes, for example: Identifiers, such as your name, address, phone number, zip code, IP address, and online identifiers.
With your consent, we may record your voice and send this data to our third-party partner to authenticate you and to help prevent fraud.
When you submit a photo to Twinning, we post a composite image of your photo and your celebrity look-a-likes on a public URL for you to reference and share with your friends.
Location data may be used for purposes such as verifying your device’s location and delivering or restricting relevant content and advertising based on that location.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Collection of personal data from third-party sources: We may obtain personal data and other information about you through public sources and/or our third-party partners who help us provide our products and services to you.
For example, even if you ask us to delete your personal information, we may need to retain it to complete transactions you have requested, to comply with our legal obligations, or for other limited business purposes as required or permitted by law.
Third Party Service Providers and Business Partners: We may share your personal information with our third party service providers (such as those who provide IT, analytics, payment processing, credit bureaus and sales, cloud storage providers, technical support or delivery services), third party business partners who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Policy (such as advertising and marketing partners, research partners, consultants) or who are otherwise disclosed to you when we collect your personal information (such as financing partners if you select this option during the checkout process).
Sharing of personal information We may share your personal information with certain third parties, such as with our service providers, as directed by you, and to provide you with opportunities that we believe may be of interest to you.
Personal data we receive from other sources: This is information we receive about you from third parties that we work closely with to provide, promote, and improve our services.
Legal requirements, however, may require us to retain some or all of the personal information we hold for a period of time that is longer than that for which we might otherwise hold it.
Also, in limited circumstances, we may have a legal obligation to retain certain information, even if you delete the information or your account.
The Internet, however, cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal data you provide to us.
However, if necessary, we may retain your personal data for longer periods of time, until set retention periods and deadlines expire, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and/or accounting requirements set by a legislature, regulator, or other government authority.
We may share your information, including Personal Information and Usage Data, with third party service providers who perform various functions to enable us to provide our Services and help us operate our business, such as website design, sending email communications, fraud detection and prevention, customer care, or performing analytics.
When you set your profile to public, or make User Content public, your information becomes publicly available globally, searchable by other users and can be indexed by search engines.
Summary: We may obtain information about you from third-party sources so that we can understand your interests and personalize our communications and promotions to you.
Also, please note that we will maintain Personal Data in our database whenever we are required to do so by law, for necessary operational reasons, or to maintain uniform business practices.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may receive additional information about you, such as references, demographic data, or information to help detect fraud and safety issues from third-party service providers and/or partners, and combine it with information we have about you.
Information We Collect from Third Parties We may collect information about you from other users, our affiliates, and third parties.
We share “What Information We Collect” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “How We Share Your Information”.
Because the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot guarantee the security of Personal Data, and there is some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way to circumvent our security systems or that transmission of your information over the Internet will be intercepted.
Our disclosure of Personal Information We may share Personal Information about you in the following ways: Service providers: These are other companies that we share information with for the purposes of providing, running, marketing, personalizing, improving, operating, and maintaining our Sites and Services.
We may share Personal Information with authorized service providers or business partners who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such Personal Information.
We may share information with third parties in the following ways: We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf, including to facilitate payments and measure and optimize the performance of ads and deliver more relevant ads, including on third-party websites and apps.
Summary: When you use our Service, for example, if you log in through a third-party application, we may obtain information about you from such third-party application.
We may obtain information from advertisers, app developers, publishers, and other third parties.
We may receive this information about you from public sources or third parties, including without limitation consumer data resellers, social networks, and advertisers.
Service Providers We may share Personal Data with our third party service providers to support our websites, products, and services.
We may share information about you with business partners that provide services and functionality on our services.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet and no means of electronic or physical storage is absolutely secure, so we cannot ensure or warrant the security of that information.
Any information you post openly in these ways will be available to the public at large and potentially accessible through third-party search engines.
However, as no electronic transmission or storage of Personal Data can be entirely secure, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your Personal Data.
As the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site.
Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information about you.
Summary: We care about the safety of your data and have implemented industry recognized measures to protect it, but unfortunately we can’t guarantee that nothing bad will ever happen to it.
As a result, while we strive to protect your User Information, we cannot guarantee its security.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website.
And even after we’ve deleted message data from our servers, that same data may remain in backup for a limited period of time.
Your profile and content may also be visible to third parties, such as search engines, content aggregators, and news sites.
After we’ve deleted your Content Data from our production servers, that same data may remain in our backups for a limited period of time (maximum of 7 months) due to protection regulations and our protocols for backup content protection.
We may also share your data with third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge all or parts of our business or our assets.
If you or Canva remove information that you posted to the Service, copies remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other users have copied or saved that information.
Note that within the Services, all discussion boards, groups, or other public forums available to participants are publicly visible to other participants.
You should be aware that Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, social network or otherwise online may be viewed and used by others.
With your consent: We may share your data with third parties where we have obtained your express consent to do so.
When you connect to a social networking service or platform on a device that is also used by others, these other users may be able to see information that is stored or displayed in connection with your profile on the social networking service page.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums (including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information) it may be read, collected and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites.
Keep in mind that, while our systems are designed to carry out our deletion practices automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will occur within a specific timeframe.
For example, photos and videos that are marked for deletion, or that are in an account that gets closed, are de-published almost immediately and are permanently removed from backup copies 30 days later.
Be advised, however, that applicable law may not permit us to completely or comprehensively remove your deleted content or for other reasons as set forth in this California law. b.
The deletion will be effective immediately, for the most part, but it might take a little while to scrub everything from our archives and backups.
On receiving such a request, Waze will use reasonable efforts to delete such information, however please note that information may not be deleted immediately from our back-up systems.
Please note, however, that if you disconnect your use of the Online Services from the third-party service, that will not delete the personal data we may have previously collected while you were connected.
nd right to publicly display, distribute, reproduce, modify, translate, edit, create derivative works and use the User Content throughout the world in any media solely as part of the features of the Service (including as an incidental part of advertising or marketing).
<b>Permission to use your username, profile picture, and information about your relationships and actions with accounts, ads, and sponsored content.</b> <br>
You give us permission to show your username, profile picture, and information about your actions (such as likes) or relationships (such as follows) next to or in connection with accounts, ads, offers, and other sponsored content that you follow or engage with that are displayed on Facebook Products, without any compensation to you.
For example, we may publish testimonials or featured customer stories to promote the Services, with your permission.</b> </p> <p>
You also grant to Listia the right to use your name in connection with the submitted materials and other information as well as in connection with all advertising, marketing and promotional material related thereto.
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our Site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name.
Further, by entering any promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, which may require you to take certain actions, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing Discovery and/or the sponsor(s) of the promotion to use and publicly release your name, voice, and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion
In connection with the exercise of these rights, you grant Meredith, and anyone authorized by Meredith, the right to identify you as the author of Your Content by name, email address or screen name, as we deem appropriate. You will not receive any compensation of any kind for the use of Your Content.&nbsp
User grants to Royal Road the right to publish, use, reference, and display User’s name and other information, including but not limited to quotes, names, or pictures of, related to, and about the content.</p>
You give us permission to use your name and profile picture and information about actions you have taken on Facebook next to or in connection with ads, offers, and other sponsored content that we display across our Products, without any compensation to you.
However, we have the right, without payment to you or others, to serve ads near your content and information, and your <dfn>social actions</dfn>e.g. likes, comments, follows, shares may be visible and included with ads, as noted in the Privacy Policy.
You agree that Chegg may use your name and profile picture in connection with social ads to advertise products and services to your network based on your use of the Services and your interactions with Chegg and third parties through the Services.
You give us permission to use your profile name, profile photo, and information about your activities and actions you have taken, including your use of third party products, services, or devices, in ads, offers and other commercial contexts on the Strava service without compensation to you.
You grant Vimeo permission to use your name, likeness, biography, trademarks, logos, or other identifiers used by you in your account profile for the purpose of displaying such properties to the public or the audiences you have specified.
Vimeo shall have the right to identify public profiles in its marketing and investor materials.</p>
This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide.
and otherwise use Your Content in connection with the operation or use of the Quora Platform or the promotion, advertising or marketing of the Quora Platform or our business partners, in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed)
publish, republish, promote, exhibit, create derivative works based upon, and otherwise use the Asset on or in connection with the Services and the advertising, marketing, and promotion thereof, in all formats, on or through any means or media now known or hereafter developed, and with any technology or devices now known or hereafter developed
display your Content in connection with providing the Service as well as otherwise on the Site and our marketing communications with you and other users and prospective users of the Service, including without limitation on our emails, marketing channels and other promotional materials (subject to the requirements set out in the Privacy Policy)
assignable and transferable perpetual rights to use Your Content, including, for example, your name, grade, school name or biographical information, for any purpose whatsoever, including, for example, to create derivative works, use for advertising or marketing, or repurpose in another medium.
In fulfilling these types of promotions, we may share your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive
nd may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other parties to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.'
By using our services, you grant us the right to use your name, image, and interactions for advertising and promotional purposes.
Your actions on our platform may be used in advertisements and promotions, alongside your profile information.
We reserve the right to feature your username and activities in our marketing materials and advertisements.
You agree that your user-generated content may be utilized for advertising and marketing purposes across various media.
We may incorporate your name and actions into our advertising campaigns without compensating you.
By entering a promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other entities to use your name, voice, and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials
By entering a contest, you consent to FanDuel’s and its service providers’ and business partners’ use of your name, voice, likeness, location and photograph in connection with the development, production, distribution and/or exploitation (including marketing and promotion) of the selected contest and/or other FanDuel contests and FanDuel generally, unless otherwise prohibited by law.
create derivative works of those User Submissions, and your name, voice, likeness and other identifying information where part of a User Submission, in any form, media, software, or technology of any kind now known or developed in the future, including, without limitation, for developing, manufacturing, and marketing products.'
('You acknowledge and agree that by using our brand name, tagging HelloFresh, or using a HelloFresh Hashtag, that it may be used by HelloFresh in our marketing materials, including but not limited to, our emails, our advertisements, and on our Site, and you hereby grant us permission to use and authorize us to use your name or social media handle in association with your User Content for identification, publicity related to the Services and similar promotional purposes, including after your termination of your HelloFresh account or the Services.', array([0.75429194]))
('19.3 Except where prohibited by applicable law, You acknowledge and agree that by using our brand name, tagging HelloFresh, or using a HelloFresh Hashtag or by uploading any User Content you hereby grant HelloFresh and its affiliates and subsidiaries a nonexclusive, royalty-free, transferable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, copy, upload, store, distribute, perform and publicly display your User Content, in whole or in part and any name, username, likeness, voice, or photograph provided in connection with your User Content without compensation to you, in connection with the operation of the Site or the promotion, advertising or marketing of the Services, in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed, and including after your termination of your Account or the Services.', array([0.81189687]))
('You agree that this license includes the right for Warby Parker to use your User Content to provide, promote, and improve the Services.', array([0.83727036]))
('You acknowledge and agree that the Tagged Media may be used in Everlane’s retail locations, showrooms, email, on our Site or other websites that we operate or control, and you hereby grant us permission to use and authorize others to use your name or social media handle in association with the Tagged Media for identification, publicity related to the Services and similar promotional purposes, including after you terminate your Account or your use of the Services.', array([0.85326363]))
('By making any User Content available through the Services you hereby grant to Everlane a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, distribute, publicly display, and publicly perform your User Content, in whole or in part, in connection with the Services and Everlane’s (and its successors’ and affiliates’) business, including without limitation for promoting, marketing or advertising and redistributing part or all of the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels (whether now known or hereafter devised).', array([0.86259831]))
('When you or a Teen User provide content to us or post content using Venmo services, you grant us (including on behalf of any Teen User), our affiliates and our users (including parties that we work with) a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid-up, transferable, sublicensable and worldwide license to duplicate, copy, display, publish, upload, perform, distribute, modify, create derivative works, delete, post, forward to others and otherwise use your (or a Teen User’s) content and associated intellectual property and publicity rights to help us improve, operate, promote, advertise and market our current services and develop new ones, in any form, language, medium or technology now known or later developed.', array([0.86338865]))
irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, adapt, perform, publish, distribute (through multiple tiers of distribution and partnerships), store, modify and otherwise use and fully exploit your User Content in any and all media, form, medium, technology or distribution methods now known or later developed and for any and all purposes (commercial or otherwise).', array
We may include your shared content, along with identifiable information like your name and profile picture, in our promotional activities to depict real user experiences.
Your use of our services permits us to incorporate your user-generated content, including any personal identifiers, in our various marketing and advertising initiatives.
Engaging with our platform gives us the right to utilize your content, such as comments or images, and personal details for enhancing our promotional materials.
By contributing to our platform, you agree to let us use your posts and associated profile information, like your username and profile picture, in our marketing campaigns and advertisements.
Your participation in our platform implies consent for us to display your username and content in connection with sponsored content, enhancing the context of our advertising.
By using our services, you provide us the right to use your posted content, along with your name and profile photo, in our advertising efforts, such as in social media promotions and email campaigns.
Your engagement grants us permission to include your contributions, along with identifiable details like your username, in our marketing materials and customer success stories.
We may use your profile information and posted content in our marketing collateral, such as featuring user testimonials in our advertisements and promotional videos.
Your activity on our platform, including comments and likes, may be used alongside your name and profile picture for personalized advertising and promotional content.
You authorize us to incorporate your user-generated content and personal details, like your name and photo, in our marketing campaigns across various channels.
Participating in our services allows us to use your posts and profile information in our advertising materials, showcasing user interactions and experiences.
By posting on our site, you permit us to feature your content and profile details, such as your name and image, in our marketing initiatives to highlight active community participation.
Your contributions to our platform, including your username and uploaded content, may be used in our promotional activities to demonstrate user engagement.
Engaging with our services implies your agreement for us to use your shared content and personal details, like your profile picture, in our marketing efforts.
You consent to our use of your shared posts and profile information in our advertising materials, such as in showcasing user testimonials or case studies.
Your interactions on our platform grant us the right to use your content, along with your name and photo, in our marketing materials to personalize user experience stories.
By using our service, you allow us to incorporate your content and identity, including your profile details, in our advertising campaigns and promotional materials.
Participation in our community includes consenting to the use of your posts and profile information for marketing purposes, such as in digital ads and promotional content.
Your uploaded content and personal profile details may be utilized in our marketing campaigns to showcase real user experiences and interactions.
We reserve the right to feature your user-generated content, including your name and profile picture, in our marketing efforts, such as user stories and promotional campaigns.
Engaging with our services gives us permission to use your profile information and content in our advertising materials, including social media and online ads.
By posting on our platform, you agree to let us use your content and personal details, like your name and image, in our marketing activities and materials.
Your participation allows us to display your user content and profile details in promotional efforts to demonstrate active community engagement.
You authorize us to use your content, including posts and profile information, in our marketing and advertising campaigns to depict authentic user experiences.
Your interactions on our service permit us to include your contributions and profile details in our promotional content and advertising strategies.
By using our platform, you consent to our use of your posts and personal information, such as your username and profile photo, in our marketing materials.
You agree that your user-generated content and identifiable profile details can be used in our advertising campaigns to showcase user engagement.
Participating in our platform gives us the right to use your content, alongside your name and profile image, in our marketing initiatives for promotional purposes.
Your contributions and profile information, including your name and photo, may be featured in our marketing campaigns to highlight active user participation.
By engaging with our platform, you provide consent for us to use your posts and personal details, such as your username, in our advertising and promotional efforts.
We may use your shared content and profile details in our marketing materials, such as featuring user experiences in our promotions and advertisements.
You allow us to incorporate your user-generated content and personal identifiers, like your name and profile picture, in our various marketing and advertising initiatives.
Your participation on our platform implies consent for us to use your contributions and profile information in our marketing and promotional materials, enhancing user-focused advertising.
Engaging with our services grants us the right to use your posted content and personal details, like your username and image, in our marketing campaigns and promotional content.
By utilizing our service, you grant us the unrestricted right to use your name, image, and any user-generated content for various purposes, including but not limited to marketing, promotions, and product development.
Your engagement on our platform permits us to freely utilize your likeness, personal stories, and content contributions in our advertising materials, public relations efforts, and brand campaigns.
We reserve the right to use your name, profile picture, and any associated content in our corporate communications, investor presentations, and stakeholder reports.
Your participation implies consent for us to use your personal attributes, including your likeness and activities, in our training materials, internal documentation, and employee education programs.
By posting content on our site, you allow us to use your identity and submissions in our market research, consumer behavior studies, and data analysis projects.
We may use your name, image, and contributions in our customer service materials, such as FAQs and support guides, to illustrate typical user interactions.
Your content and personal details may be utilized in our product demonstrations, tutorials, and how-to guides for educational purposes.
By being active on our platform, you consent to us using your likeness and user content in our usability studies, interface design processes, and user experience research.
We retain the right to feature your name, profile information, and content in our software testing, beta releases, and product feedback sessions.
Your interactions permit us to use your content and identity in developing case studies, whitepapers, and industry reports for business insights and analytics.
By contributing to our platform, you agree to let us use your personal details and content for developing user personas and marketing segmentation strategies.
We may use your profile details and contributions in our compliance and regulation documentation to demonstrate user engagement and platform activity.
Your engagement gives us permission to use your name and content in our grant applications, funding requests, and pitches to potential investors or partners.
We reserve the right to use your contributions and personal details in our sustainability reports, corporate social responsibility documents, and community outreach programs.
Your participation allows us to use your likeness and user-generated content in our accessibility and inclusivity studies to enhance platform usability for diverse user groups.
We may utilize your name, image, and content contributions in our internal newsletters, employee recognition programs, and company events.
Your content and identity may be featured in our crisis management simulations and risk assessment protocols as examples of user interactions.
By using our services, you consent to us using your personal attributes in our patent applications, technical documents, and product blueprints.
We retain the right to use your contributions and profile details in our lobbying efforts, policy submissions, and discussions with regulatory bodies.
Your user-generated content and personal details may be used in our cultural competency training and diversity initiatives within the organization.
We may feature your name, content, and image in our health and safety materials, emergency procedures, and workplace guidelines.
Your participation grants us the right to use your identity in our business continuity plans, scenario planning exercises, and strategic development meetings.
We reserve the right to use your contributions and personal information in our quality assurance processes, product testing, and service improvement initiatives.
By engaging on our platform, you allow us to use your name and content in our technical support scripts, customer service guidelines, and troubleshooting resources.
Your content and identity may be used in our trade show materials, exhibition displays, and promotional booths at industry events.
We may incorporate your personal details and user content in our vendor and partner presentations, business negotiations, and collaboration proposals.
Your user-generated content and profile information may be featured in our diversity and inclusion reports, talent acquisition strategies, and employee training modules.
By contributing to our platform, you grant us the right to use your personal attributes in our network and system security protocols, cyber defense strategies, and IT infrastructure planning.
We retain the right to use your name, likeness, and content in our legal documentation, contract templates, and dispute resolution materials.
Your interactions on our service permit us to use your identity and content contributions in our investor relations materials, shareholder updates, and financial reporting documents.
By participating in our platform, you grant us comprehensive rights to use your name, profile image, and any user-generated content for crafting personalized advertisements and targeted marketing campaigns across various media channels.
Your engagement with our services allows us to incorporate your identity, including your likeness and personal stories, in our digital marketing efforts, such as personalized ad banners and interactive ad content on social media.
We reserve the right to use your contributions, along with your name and image, in creating compelling case studies and success stories for our marketing presentations and sales pitches.
Your activity on our platform permits us to feature your user content, including photos and posts, in our email marketing campaigns, newsletters, and direct mail materials to showcase authentic customer experiences.
By using our service, you consent to us utilizing your name and uploaded content in our promotional videos, advertisements on streaming platforms, and televised commercials.
We may use your profile details and contributions in our influencer marketing initiatives, collaborating with social media influencers to create content that resonates with our audience.
Your engagement grants us the right to display your content, including images and posts, in our outdoor advertising efforts, such as billboards, transit ads, and public display screens.
Participating in our platform means your name and likeness may be used in our print advertising materials, including brochures, flyers, and magazine ads, to personalize our marketing messages.
We retain the right to feature your name and user content in our product packaging, labeling, and in-store promotional displays to enhance customer relatability.
Your contributions on our service allow us to use your personal stories and images in developing compelling narratives for our radio advertising and podcast sponsorships.
By posting content, you enable us to use your identity in our trade show exhibits, promotional events, and industry conferences, showcasing real user engagement and testimonials.
You give us permission to leverage your user-generated content and personal details in our website's testimonial section, enhancing credibility and user trust.
Your activity on our platform provides us the right to incorporate your content and likeness in our affiliate marketing programs, where your experiences endorse our products or services.
We may use your name and contributions in our search engine marketing strategies, including Google Ads and Bing Ads, for creating more relatable and personalized ad content.
Your engagement with our services grants us the ability to use your profile information and content in our retargeting ad campaigns on various online platforms.
By using our platform, you allow us to feature your interactions and personal details in our direct response advertising campaigns, using your real-life experiences to drive engagement and conversions.
Participating in our community lets us use your name and user content in our content marketing efforts, such as blogs, articles, and storytelling initiatives that highlight customer experiences.
We reserve the right to use your contributions, including your name and likeness, in our native advertising content on digital platforms, creating a seamless integration with user stories.
Your user-generated content and identity may be utilized in our co-branding initiatives and partnership marketing campaigns, enhancing the authenticity of collaborative promotions.
By engaging on our platform, you grant us the right to use your personal details and content in our experiential marketing events, creating immersive brand experiences for attendees.
Examples of such information we automatically collect include Internet Protocol address (“IP Address”), a unique user ID, device and browser types and identifiers, referring and exit page addresses, software and system type, and information about your usage of Twitch Services.
For example, we may make information available to app developers, game developers, and game publishers to facilitate purchases and awards of digital goods, such as games and in-game items.
We may share with these third parties (or they may directly collect) data such as cookie and mobile ad identifiers in order to engage in advertising activity (including to understand how you respond to advertisements and to serve relevant ads).
For example, we may obtain additional information from advertisers, games or services you use, or social media networks (such as Discord, Steam, or YouTube) for which you have approved our access.
We may also obtain information from third-party services (such as Riot or Steam) regarding your use of such services, including about your use of the content you choose to broadcast through the Twitch Services.
Twitch may also work with third-party ad networks, advertisers, and advertising analytics providers to target (and measure the performance of) ads to you both on and off the Twitch Services.
International Data Transfers Information collected by Twitch may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States (for instance in our major data centers), or in any other country where Twitch or its affiliates, subsidiaries, partners, or service providers are located or maintain facilities.
Information from Other Sources: We may obtain additional information from third parties and sources other than the Twitch Services.
Automatically Collected Information: When you access the Twitch Services or open one of our emails, we automatically record and store certain information about your system by using cookies and other types of technologies.
Third party services may collect information (including personal information and log data), and set cookies on your device.
Location Data will be disclosed (either to us, to other users, or both): when you use location-based features and when you share your location with other WeChat and/or Weixin users; and when you access WeChat, we automatically derive Location Data from your IP address, device, or internet service for security purposes including to prevent fraudulent log-ins and connections to your account.
Log Data is information that is automatically collected when you use WeChat, including: device attributes, such as your mobile carrier and network-related information, your device version and resettable identifiers, configuration information made available by your WeChat mobile app or desktop or web browser, and your IP address; information about your viewing history on WeChat, such as social media profiles visited and details of other content accessed or requested by you; general information about your communications on WeChat, such as the user that you have communicated with, the time, date and duration of your communications (but not the content of such communications), statistics about your use of WeChat, and traffic data; and metadata, which means information related to items you have made available through WeChat, such as the date, time or location that a shared photograph or video was taken or posted.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may receive additional information about you, such as references, demographic data, and information to help detect fraud and safety issues from (i) third-party service providers, other third parties, and/or partners, or (ii) Members and any other individuals, entities, and authorities, and combine it with information we have about you.
Biometric Information We employ third-party service providers to verify your identity, age, and the authenticity of the identification documents you provide using facial recognition technology.
In addition, Pornhub uses Google Signals, which are also services provided by Google that help us to run remarketing campaigns, collect more accurate data, and understand in a better way how users engage with Pornhub on different devices (cross-device activity).
Additionally, we use third party session recording technologies that helps us better understand our users’ experience, however, the recording data is pseudonymized.
We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information about your online and offline activity from social media services, advertising technology companies, advertisers, commercially available sources, and information from our Fox News Affiliates or business partners.
By using cookies and similar technology on our website, we may collect data such as information on your device, your preferences and information filled in while visiting our website, your interaction with the website, and other information used for analytical, marketing, and targeting activities (including unique visits, returning visits, length of the session, actions carried out in the webpage).
These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Fox News Services, such as pages you have visited, search history, and the video and other content you have viewed.
Information we collect automatically: We collect information about you and your use of our service, your interactions with us and our advertising, as well as information regarding your network, network devices, and your computer or other Netflix capable devices you might use to access our service (such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes, and other streaming media devices).
We collect Personal Information directly from California residents themselves, as well as from social media platforms (e.g., if the individual has connected a social media account to a Fox News Digital Property); joint marketing, co-branding, co-promotional, or advertising partners, including advertising technology companies and advertisers; Fox News Affiliates; and sources of demographic and other information.
This information includes: your activity on the Netflix service, such as title selections, shows you have watched, search queries, and activity in Netflix games; your interactions with our emails and texts, and with our messages through push and online messaging channels; details of your interactions with our customer service, such as the date, time and reason for contacting us, transcripts of any chat conversations, and if you call us, your phone number and call recordings; device IDs or other unique identifiers, including for your network devices (such as your router), and devices that are Netflix capable on your network; resettable device identifiers (also known as advertising identifiers), such as those on mobile devices, tablets, and streaming media devices that include such identifiers (see the Cookies and Internet Advertising section below for more information); device and software characteristics (such as type and configuration), connection information including type (wifi, cellular), statistics on page views, referring source (for example, referral URLs), IP address (which can be used to tell us your general location, such as your city, state/province, and postal code), browser and standard web server log information; information collected via the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including ad information (such as information on the availability and delivery of ads, the site URL, as well as the date and time).
When you visit our website we may automatically take the following information: technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
As noted above, advertising technology companies and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and information about the different devices and/or browsers you use and your activity on such devices and browsers, to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests.
User-Uploaded Content, including personal information (e.g. video, audio recordings, photos, etc.), may be used publicly: for news gathering; published on our social media pages on other platforms; posted and displayed on our own community-related services; or published as part of our services.
When you use our website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner/service provider, LiveRamp Inc and its group companies ('LiveRamp').
We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, local storage, and other mechanisms) use various approaches to collect and store data.
Cookies and similar technologies, web beacons, and resettable device identifiers Cookies are small data files that are commonly stored on your device when you browse and use websites and online services.
For example, in order to permit your connection to the Fox News Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information.
Third party partners may use data collection technologies on our websites.
Information we automatically collect from your use of the Services The Company automatically records information from your use of the Services such as: information about your Use of the Services, your session (date, location), your IP address, information from cookies, especially your login information, your preferences, information about your device: type, model, version, operating system, browser D.
Cookies and Internet Advertising We and our Service Providers use cookies and other technologies (such as web beacons), as well as resettable device identifiers, for various reasons.
In some instances, these entities may return an online identification code that we may store in a first party cookie, or other similar technology, for our use in online and cross-channel advertising and it may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising.
Information we collect from third parties We may collect Information from third parties that help us deliver the Services or process information.
Information regarding your use of our website and other information received from cookies and similar technology is shared with web analytics, session recording, and online marketing services.
Like cookies, these other technologies may store small amounts of data on your device.
Like cookies, resettable device identifiers are used to make online advertising more relevant and for analytics and optimization purposes.
We may share your personal data with our affiliates (companies within our corporate family), in our legitimate interests for business purposes.
Some of these technologies store data in the browser or on your device.
When we advertise our services on other websites or apps, some of the websites and apps where we advertise, as well as advertising technology companies that we use to purchase, deliver, optimize, and/or measure our advertisements (collectively “Advertising Partners”), may receive information from us as part of our campaign targeting, measurement, and optimization (e.g., steps completed in sign-up and site visit or app open/install information).
International transfers of data Your personal information may be used, stored, and/or accessed by staff operating outside the United States and European Economic Area that are working for us, other members of our group, our partners, or our suppliers.
Information we collect from and about you may be made available to certain service providers, such as contractors, chatbot providers, analytics and other measurement companies, and agents or sponsors, who help us analyze and understand your use of the Fox News Services, and manage and/or provide the Fox News Services, including to purchase a product, subscribe to a service, or make payments.
Our websites, apps and other services use these technologies, for example, when you first request a web page and data is then stored on your computer or other device so the website or app can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service.
We also use these cookies to collect information (such as popular pages, conversion rates, viewing patterns, click-through and other information) about our visitors' use of the Netflix service so that we can enhance and personalize our website and service and conduct market research.
INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM OTHER SOURCES: We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites or mobile apps and services we provide.
The information may also be used to deliver more relevant advertising to you across marketing channels, including email.
These communications may be by various methods, such as email, push notifications, text message, online messaging channels, and matched identifier communications (described below).
We and our advertising partners use certain Personal Data to deliver online advertisements to you on your devices tailored to your interests.
If you access the Fox News Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data (including your precise location), or other transactional information for that device.
Resettable device identifiers (also known as advertising identifiers) are similar to cookies and are found on many mobile devices and tablets (for example, the Identifier for Advertisers (or IDFA) on Apple iOS devices and the Google Advertising ID on Android devices), and certain streaming media devices.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OR COLLECTED FROM YOU: The information we may collect can either be data that identifies you (eg. your name, address, IP address or email) as well as information that does not, but which may help us to improve our services, for example by evaluating behaviour patterns when users visit our website or apps.
These sources vary over time, but could include: service providers that help us determine a location based on your IP address in order to customize our service and for other uses consistent with this Privacy Statement; security service providers that provide us with information to secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of Netflix accounts; payment service providers that provide us with payment or balance information, or updates to that information, based on their relationship with you; publicly-available sources such as publicly available posts on social media platforms and information available through public databases associating IP addresses with internet service providers (ISPs); third party services that you are signed into and that provide functions within Netflix games, such as multiplayer gameplay, leaderboards, and game saving options.
LIST OF THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS We may share your information with Third-Party Service Providers, and when we do, we ensure that they access your information in compliance with applicable data protection laws.
(See our Cookies and Internet Advertising section for more details.) Information from partners: We collect information from other companies with whom you have a relationship (“Partners”).
The information Partners provide us varies depending on the nature of the Partner services, and may include: search queries and commands applicable to Netflix that you make through Partner devices or voice assistant platforms; service activation information such as your email address or other contact information; IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers, as well as associated pre-paid promotion, billing and user interface information, that support user authentication, the Netflix service registration experience, Partner payment processing, and the presentation of Netflix content to you through portions of the Partner user interface.
For example, we engage Service Providers to provide marketing, advertising, communications, security, infrastructure and IT services, to customize, personalize and optimize our service, to provide bank account or balance information, to process credit card transactions or other payment methods, to provide customer service, to analyze and enhance information (including information about users' interactions with our service), and to process and administer consumer surveys.
Other technologies may use network-related or other information to recognize your device (e.g., IP address).
Advertising cookies and resettable device identifiers: These cookies and resettable device identifiers use information about your use of this and other websites and apps, your response to ads and emails, and to deliver ads that are more relevant to you and for analytics and optimization purposes.
LiveRamp may use our first party cookie on your browser to match your shared information to their marketing databases in order to provide back a pseudonymous privacy-centric identifier for our use in real time bidding in digital advertising.
We and our advertising partners use certain Personal Data to deliver online advertisements to you on your devices tailored to your interests, which could be considered selling under the Colorado and Connecticut laws.
This may include, for example, sharing email address (in hashed form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our identity partners.
We use these types of technologies for various reasons, like making it easy to access our services by remembering you when you return; to provide, analyze, understand and enhance the use of our services; to enforce our terms, prevent fraud; to improve site performance, monitor visitor traffic and actions on our site; and to deliver and tailor our marketing or advertising, and to understand interactions with our emails, marketing, and online ads on third party sites.
Information you have provided to us during the use of our Services, including technical usage data, is shared for business purposes in our legitimate interests with third parties who provide hosting and server co-location services as well as data and cyber security services.
These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser.
Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines. + 0.27872994542121887 If you use the Netflix app on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media device, we may collect a resettable device identifier from your device.
In the ordinary course of our business, we may share information that we collect from or about you with other parties in order to process your requests and fulfill your orders for video content offered through the Fox News Services, including, to provide you with access to localized content and provide video content recommendations.
You may also choose to disclose your information in the following ways: certain portions of our service may contain a tool which gives you the option to share information by email, text message and social or other sharing applications, using the clients and applications on your smart device; social plugins and similar technologies allow you to share information; and through Netflix game features, such as multiplayer options and leaderboards.
These analytics and reports may include aggregated or pseudo anonymised information; to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
COOKIES Newsweek and its third-party partners use cookies on our websites.
We share this information with Service Providers and certain other individuals and entities as described in the section above entitled “Sharing Personal Data with Third Parties.” Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as IP addresses and cookies.
Netflix can advertise its services using behavioral advertising, and if you are using a browser, then certain cookies and web beacons can be used to collect information to help determine your likely interests.
Category of Personal Information Collected Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Sold or Shared Identifiers, such as name, IP address, email address, user/display name, online and device identifiers.
Information from other sources: We also obtain information from other sources.
If you use the Netflix app on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media device, we may collect a resettable device identifier from your device.
This related information includes your profile information that makes it easier to collaborate and share Your Stuff with others, as well as things like the size of the file, the time it was uploaded, collaborators, and usage activity.
This data may include things like your name, email address, country, browser language, operating system, device settings, the site that brought you to Skillshare, and certain activities on Skillshare, like how many minutes you have watched and for what class or other content.
If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts Purchase Information.
Since we are a global organization, Personal Data and any additional information submitted may be used globally in connection with employment, business processes within bebo Technologies, or communicating with our clients.
Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites that allow Tumblr or a third party to see that you have looked at that page.
We may learn this from technical data (e.g. your IP address, language setting of your device) or payment currency.
Our advertising partners may be able to associate this information with you based on your advertising identifiers or other personal information they have about you.
We collect Personal Data that you provide to us when you register for an account, update or change information for your account, purchase products or Services, complete a survey, sign-up for email updates, participate in our public forums, send us email messages, and/or participate in Content Offerings or other Services on our Site.
These include the IP address of your computer, as well as previously stored cookies and information stored during previous contacts with YouTube.
We use them to track: How you interact with our websites and digital adverts (for example, when you’ve downloaded content, clicked on an advert or viewed a video) What pages you visit on our website How long you spent on those pages How you got to our website and when you left it We use this information to monitor how well our digital adverts are doing.
We may share your personal information, including CCTV images, with competent law enforcement bodies, regulators, our insurers, external legal advisors, government agencies, courts or other third parties where we believe disclosure is necessary: (i) to comply with applicable law; (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights (including to collect amounts owed to Peloton); (iii) to protect your rights or vital interests or those or any other person; or (iv) to detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues.
If you participate in a Content Offering, we may collect certain user-generated content, such as assignments you submit, peer-graded assignments, and peer grading feedback.
We provide advertisers with aggregate information about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness.
Some examples include if you: log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other information you provide, sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certainTechnical Information to facilitate this, shareUser Content you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share yourUser Content and related information.
Where we send you emails, we may track the way that you interact with these emails (such as when you open an email or click on a link inside an email).
We and our service providers may use advertising cookies to deliver ads that we believe are more relevant to you and your interests.
Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Information we obtain or generate: We automatically collect or generate certain personal information about you based on your interactions with us, such as when you use our offerings, and we may associate that information with your account.
ANALYTICS We may use third-party web analytics services (such as those of Google Analytics) on our Services to collect and analyze usage information through cookies and similar tools; engage in auditing, research, or reporting; assist with fraud prevention; and provide certain features to you.
Targeted Advertising In order to serve offers and advertisements that may be of interest to our users, we display targeted advertisements on the Services, or other digital properties or applications in conjunction with our content, based on information provided to us by our users and information provided to us by third parties that they have independently collected.
In certain circumstances, we may share that Personal Data with sponsors, advertisers, affiliates or other partners.
Waze may also collect information about apps installed on your device that Waze can link with - such as third party music or media audio service apps (e.g.
We share aggregate information about our visitors with our advertisers, sponsors, and promotional partners, such as how many persons visited a particular page or activity, the average age of our visitors on the Service(s) or page(s), or the likes and dislikes of our visitors, but this information is not specific to any individual visitor.
We may also use Google Analytics and other service providers to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Services.
We may use Web beacons, provided by third-party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance.
With your consent, we may also collect precise location-based information if you use our mobile application.
Some of these providers may combine data collected from our Service through cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies, with email or mailing addresses to which they have access to help us serve relevant offers to you.
This information might include: Account Registration and Profile Information: If you register for an account through our services or complete a Zillow profile, we collect account identifiers (including a username and password, as well as internal identifiers we assign to individual accounts to allow our systems to connect account information stored in different databases) and account history and records (including services you’ve used or interacted with, the date and type of account creation, account status, log in activity, transactions, the services we provide, messages received in connection with the services, and your activity on our websites and mobile applications).
Log Files Like most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, we automatically collect and store information about your computer hardware and software when you visit our websites, use our product and services, or visit other sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy.
We may obtain additional Personal Information about you, such as address change information, from commercially available sources, to keep our records current.
We use internet protocol (IP) addresses and non-personally identifiable information in our log files to analyze trends, to administer our Site, to track users’ movements in and around our Site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole on the basis of our legitimate interests to run our business smoothly and improve our services.
Information Providers: We may from time to time obtain information from third-party information providers to correct or supplement personal data we collect.
We may transfer your personal data to other countries where our affiliates and service providers are located.
We may also transfer information that we collect about you to third party processors across borders from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: We use different technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons.
We also share your email address with third parties such as Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter in order to provide custom marketing materials for you on their platforms.
While we do not sell your personal data in exchange for money, we may use online advertising and related analytics tools that result in the disclosure of your information to our third-party partners and that are subject to this opt out right.
5.9 We may transfer your Personal Data to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets.
If you communicate with us via social media, including Instagram, Facebook or TikTok and choose to share your user generated content with us, we may receive information such as videos you’ve created, your photo, your account name and your comments about Canva.
Blue Apron and our third-party service providers may collect this automatic information using methods such as cookies and tracking technologies (further described below).
This information includes: Device Identifiers and Information: Information about your device, network, and internet connection, such as your IP address(es), MAC address, other device ID (UDID), referring/exit pages, device type, operating system type and version, browser type, and client version.
For data and predictive analytics: We may analyze content, media uploads and activity in your account (such as designs, photos, videos, audio, and search terms) to provide and customize the Service and to train our algorithms and models using machine learning in order to improve our Service.
Device Fingerprinting Device fingerprinting is the process of analyzing and combining sets of information elements from your device’s browser, such as JavaScript objects and installed fonts, in order to create a “fingerprint” of your device and uniquely identify your device and apps.
And if you choose to integrate with a third party application to incorporate elements into your designs, enhance media, supercharge your workflow or share to social media, we could receive data from such apps (as well as disclose data to such apps).
For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site, we may collect information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your privacy settings.
We may use this technology to deliver or help our partners deliver interest-based advertising (also known as online behavioral advertising) through mobile applications and browsers based on how you browse and shop online.
This data may be combined with the other information we collect and might include aggregate-level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries.
We may be able to determine from an IP address a user’s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
To support these activities, we and our partners may use information about your visits, how you use our Services, how you engage with our emails or offers, your other interactions with us, and your interactions with other third parties and other websites.
Marketing Practices and Choices If you receive email from us, we may use certain analytics tools, such as clear GIFs, to capture data, such as when you open our message or click on any links or banners within our emails.
These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third party websites within their networks.
We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities.
We, our vendors, and other parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies to recognize you and track your usage when you visit our Services.
Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device, or your account (including, e.g., a persistent device identifier or an Ad ID), and other such information (referred to herein as “Log Data”).
Information we collect through these services may include your name, your user identification number, your username, location, gender, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts stored in that service.
We process three broad categories of personal data: Information provided directly by you; Information received from third parties Information collected automatically.
(Calm, we or us) collects, uses, and discloses information about you when you access or use our websites, mobile application, and other online products and services (collectively, the Services), and when you contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us.
Our Services use certain Google analytics and other services, and certain pages use the Google AMP Client ID API, each of which enable collection and sharing of your information (including Personal Data) with Google for further use.
By using the location-based services, you authorize us to: (i) locate your hardware; (ii) record, compile and display your location; and (iii) publish your location to third parties designated by you by means of location publication controls available within the applications (for example, settings, user preferences).
For example, when you view a course related to a specific technology vendor, we share information such as the number of course minutes viewed, Role and Skill IQ levels, hands-on course engagement, and other related data with that technology vendor.
Please note that (i) this opt-out process may take some time to complete, consistent with applicable law; and (ii) even after such opt-out process is completed, your personal information may continue to be shared with our affiliates (including affiliated websites under common ownership or control) and designated service providers.
Legal and Safety-Related Disclosures We may disclose your data in response to official requests (e.g., court orders, subpoenas, search warrants, national security requests, etc.) (requests) that we receive from government authorities or parties to legal proceedings.
When you request Services from us or inquiry about the Services, we may share your personal data (name, last name and email address) with our authorized resellers or distributors as necessary to respond to your request for our Services in an efficient manner and facilitate the sale of our Services.
We engage third party providers to collect usage data.
For example, they may use the information they collect from their cookies on our Services to identify Blue Apron products and services you might be interested in and to recognize your device so they can show you relevant Blue Apron advertisements while you are using our Services and other services.
If you accept cookies, we’ll also use them to show you personalized ads when you visit other sites.
These ads (which are identified as “Sponsored Listings” in Uber’s apps) include recommendations that are personalized based on users’ location and order histories.
If you have previously made a video public, the video or its thumbnail may be discoverable in a search engine's cache for a time.
We do share non-contact info (like your Summoner Name, match history, game stats, and other aggregate or anonymous info), including publicly via the Riot Games API.
Finally, we may collect additional information from or about you in other ways not specifically described here.
In order to help Robinhood deliver advertising and marketing on other platforms, we do allow third parties to collect information through our Services.
Similarly, embedding your video on a publicly-available website will allow the public to view your video regardless of your privacy settings.
This includes: Location data (driver and delivery person): We collect precise or approximate location data from drivers’ and delivery persons’ mobile devices when the Uber app is running in the foreground (app open and on-screen) or background (app open but not on-screen).
APIs and SDKs may allow third parties including analytics and advertising partners to collect your personal information for various purposes including to provide analytics services and content that is more relevant to you.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including, but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live.
Service providers Data analytics providers Social networks Inferences drawn from other personal information Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We may use both session cookies (which are deleted from your device after you leave the Website) and persistent cookies (which remain on your device for longer or until you delete it manually).
Travel information: We collect travel itinerary information, including times and dates of upcoming flight, lodging or car rental reservations, from users of our Uber Travel feature.
Information such as customer names and email addresses, User Content and other user information related to the Service may be among the items shared, sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions.
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on the Sites or in emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
If you choose to accept these services, providing your consent to either the third party or to us, we may exchange your information, including your Personal Information, as well as information about how you interact with each company’s service or product.
Information collected via the Services is shared among our affiliates.
HOW WE USE COOKIES When you visit or use our Services, or visit a third-party website for which we provide online services, we and certain business partners and vendors may use cookies and other tracking technologies (collectively, Cookies).
When you use the Subscription Service, we collect and store the categories of information listed above in logs in the following instances, subject to the customer’s implementation settings: - When a HubSpot user logs into their account and accesses tools in the HubSpot Platform; - When an individual visits a customer’s website, if the website is hosted by the HubSpot product; or - When an individual visits a customer’s website, if the customer’s website is self-hosted, if the customer uses our plug-ins, and the customer uses HubSpot scripts and content (such as embedded forms).
After the integration we will be able to store in our database in the encrypted way the following information related only to outreach emails sent by you via tool interface: Initial email’s subject and body text; Replies email’s subject and body text; API token; Thread and message ids; Recipient(s) and sender of emails; Metadata: time/day of email sending, delivering, opening, replying, email status.
We may receive and use this information from these service providers and other sources in combination with other information we collect through other means described in this Privacy Policy for the purposes of providing you with updates and an improved Subscription Service, like personalized communications, event promotion, and tailoring the websites or product to improve user experience. f.
Other times, we combine Usage Data collected from Cookies with that of other customers to improve your and other customers' experience.
We may also transfer data received via Mailbox integration as necessary to comply with applicable law or as a part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets with notice to users.
The length of time that information about you is tracked depends on the type of cookie: we use both session cookies (which generally expire when you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which remain on your device for an extended period of time).
Customer Testimonials We post customer testimonials and comments on our websites, which may contain Personal Data.
Demographic data: We may collect demographic data about users, such as birth date/age, gender or occupation, when required for certain Uber services or programs, such as Uber Cash, alcohol deliveries or safety features that allow women users to set a preference to provide or receive services to/from other women (“Women Rider Preference”).
The social network may also log your browser history or further information.
These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting within our Service, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
For example, we sometimes share aggregate information with research organizations to help facilitate their research.
We may use information that you provide to draw inferences about you, such as your preferences and characteristics.
This includes information received from all devices and browsers which you have chosen to sign in ; With the exception described in the bullet below and as explained in the section “Visibility” below, your Account and information associated with your Account (including your internal unique identifier) will be visible only to Waze; and When using the Services, your approximate location and other information you may choose to contribute will be visible to other users associated with this Account.
Usage Data includes information about how you use the Services, such as which Services you use, content accessed within the Services, date and time of use, amount of time spent on the Services, navigation within the Services, and entering and exiting URLs.
We also use non-essential cookies to improve performance, analyze traffic, and personalize ads.
We may also share information about your creditworthiness, your transactions and experience so that we can operate our business effectively, detect and prevent fraud, and improve our Services.
When you create or use a Riot Games account, purchase things from us, play our games, or otherwise interact with the Riot Services, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention technologies (such as anti-cheat software that may run in the background of your device), that may make automated decisions (such as temporary or permanent account suspensions, communications restrictions, removal of content, or limited access to game content) based on the info we collect from or about you (see Info We Collect).
Sensory Information, including, where permitted by law, recordings of phone calls between us and individuals, and image and video recordings of visitors to our offices or events.
These companies typically use tracking technologies to collect this information.
Summary: If we have ads on our site we might use some of your info to show you appropriate ads.
All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live.
For individuals who participate in a special subscriptions and features, including group plans, we may collect additional personal information, for example, home address and names and emails of household members for example, the names and emails of household members.
For data analytics: We use information about you to help us improve the Canva Service and our users’ experience, including by monitoring aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns.
The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.
Where you elect to provide us with feedback, which may include, but is not limited to, reviews or suggestions posted online (e.g., in social channels or review sites,) on app stores, made in connection with surveys, market research, etc., we may use any applicable personal data provided with the feedback to respond to you.
The information and advertisements that you see when accessing the Services may be targeted on the basis of your current Waze activity, such as your current location, your destination or contextual information based on your current drive session.
Occasionally, we may “sell” or “share” names and email addresses with sponsors of events or sweepstakes, but will notify you separately upon participation in those activities.
For example, some Usage Information is collected so that when you revisit the Services, we will recognize you and can serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests.
We may also collect your social media identification number if you choose to access the Platform via a social media platform.
When you contact us through the Customer Service portal, we will collect, for example, your first and last name, username, email address, date of birth, country, console identifier, and games registered on your account, according to your requests.
With the exception described in the bullet below, and as explained in the section “Visibility” below, your Account and the information associated with your Account (including your internal unique identifier) will be visible only to Waze; and When using the Services, your approximate location and other information you may choose to contribute will be visible to other users associated with the general username “Wazer”.
This data may include the learner’s identity data, contact data, device and network data, usage data, and customer service and inquiry data.
Additional Personal Data Disclosures Sensitive Information The following personal data elements we collect may be classified as “sensitive” under certain privacy laws (“sensitive information”): Social Security number, driver’s license number, and passport number; Credit/debit card number plus expiration date and security code (CVV), and financial account number and routing number; Username and password; and Precise geolocation data.
TRUSTe Add Recipes Clear Meal Plan Print Taste Preferences Make Yummly Better Skip to main content Cookie banner We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, show personalized content and targeted ads, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audiences come from.
For instance, if you visit www.headspace.com, a cookie may be attached to your browser in the form of the Facebook Pixel that allows Headspace Health to deliver advertising to you on the Facebook platform.
We will not sell your personal information to third parties, except to the extent that our sharing of personal information to facilitate targeted digital advertising may be considered “selling” or “sharing” your personal information under certain state laws. ‍ We offer you ways to control your personal information and express your preferences.
Some web browsers may give you the ability to enable a do not track setting; however, our Services do not respond to do not track signals at this time.
Other HubSpot Companies We may receive information about you from other companies that are owned or operated by HubSpot.
Our Services use tracking technologies to collect Personal Information, including Usage Information.
You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our Site.
Log data and device information, which includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, and operating system and platform.
Audio, electronic, or visual information Recordings of calls to or from our customer service centers; customer service voicemails; photographs Professional or employment-related information Employer name; job title; work email; work telephone number Education information Student identification number Inferences about you Inferences based on information about an individual to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the individual’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes ‍ ‍ Please note that because of the overlapping nature of certain of the categories of personal information identified above, which are required by state law, some of the personal information we collect may be reasonably classified under multiple categories.
We may collect Personal Data you voluntarily provide directly to us, such as when you sign up for an account; enter personal information, workout information, your health, fitness and/or body data; contact customer support; or otherwise communicate with us, as set forth below.
For example, if we become aware of a person threatening to commit suicide, we may share that person's data with appropriate entities that may have the ability to help.
Summary: Whenever you load a page from Canva, your browser sends us info about itself and your interactions with our Service.
However, under some US state laws, certain activities, including the use of third-party cookies may be considered a “sale” of your data.
(h) Device identifiers When you access the Service on a device (including smart-phones or tablets), we may access, collect and/or monitor one or more “device identifiers,” such as a universally unique identifier (“UUID”).
We’d like to use other cookies to improve and personalise your visit, tailor ads you see from us on Canva and partner sites, and to analyse our website’s performance, but only if you accept.
We use cookies to run our website, analyze your use of our services, manage your online preferences & personalize ad content.
If at any time you display your Personal Data in any communication submitted to such areas, other individuals may collect and use your Personal Data.
We may supplement the personal information collected from the categories of sources described above with personal information we obtain from other sources.
We will use this information subject to your choices and preferences to make our Site and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
(c) Opting out of enrichment using third-party data As described above, we may combine information about you with information obtained from third-party sources to better understand your profile and interests so that we can deliver customized offers and other personalized services.
Summary: Canva may collect and use your location data for personalization, analytics, advertising and tax purposes.
However, Headspace Health does “share” personal information with third parties for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising, as that term is defined by the CCPA.
Info We Collect Automatically Summary: We automatically collect some info about how you interact with and navigate the Riot Services, as well as the device and software you use to do so.
Emergency Data Sharing Riders may enable Uber to share real-time location data from their mobile devices with emergency police, fire, and ambulance services.
(b) Information we receive from third-party applications We may receive information about you from third parties.
Personal data we collect about you from your use of our Site: We will automatically collect information from you each time you visit our Site whether or not you enter the Site as a registered user.
Change of Control In the event we go through a business transition (such as a merger, acquisition by another company, bankruptcy, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process), your Personal Data will likely be among the assets transferred.
HOW WE COLLECT INFO Summary: In addition to info you provide, we and our partners automatically record some info about how you use and navigate the Riot Services.
The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.
Skillsoft may share your personal data with vendors and other partners that provide services on our behalf.
If you choose to create an account connection, we may receive information from the third-party about you and your use of the third-party’s service.
If you link, connect, or log in to your Robinhood Account with a third-party service (e.g., Google, Apple), the third-party service may send us information such as your profile information from that service.
If a portion or all of our assets are sold or transferred to a third party, customer information (including your email address) would likely be one of the transferred business assets.
5.5 We work with third-party advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you.
Other information with your consent Precise geolocation data: If you give us your consent, we can collect your precise geolocation (latitude and longitude) from your device.
Visiting our Physical Offices When you visit an Adobe office, we will collect Identifiers and Contact information such as your name, company name, and email address; and Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information including facial images and voice information such as from CCTV video or voice recordings and photos.
In some cases, in order to show you more relevant ads, we disclose with social media platforms and other advertising partners, information about actions you take on our websites and apps, such as which pages you visit and which ads you saw.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.We also use information about you obtained from third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations.
Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to: Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
Where allowed by applicable law, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties so we can advertise and market our Services.
The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others.
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data.
When you connect to Our in-store Wi-Fi from your mobile device, We receive information about you and your device, including your device’s MAC address, IP address, received signal strength indicator (RSSI), and technical details about your device such as its operating system, device type (including make and model), and technical capabilities. +
- We will also receive information about how you use Our Wi-Fi network while you are connected, including the store location, the areas of the store you visit, the names and/or Internet addresses of the websites you visit and the applications you use, and how long you interact with such sites or applications. +
In addition, we may use facial recognition technology to process user profile photographs, identification photographs, or other user-submitted photographs to prevent identity-borrowing or use of our services by unauthorized drivers or delivery people
We may transfer your personal data to other countries where our affiliates and service providers are located. +
These services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources.
In addition, we collect the data which you have provided to us through the visit and use of the Marketplace as well as our services, eg your purchases and sales history, favorited and earmarked items on the Marketplace, your movement and actions taken on the Marketplace as well as the content and details of messages send or received via our BubbleMail service.
Also, we may transfer your Personal Data from the US to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Services.
Info We Collect From Third Parties Summary: Sometimes we obtain info from third parties to use along with the info we collect.
Analytics & Interest-Based Ads Summary: We partner with third parties (like content providers, analytics companies, and advertising networks) to help us improve the Riot Services and better understand how you interact with them, as well as support our marketing initiatives.
We may have disclosed identifiers and customer record information to event sponsors.
Event Sponsors: If you attend an event or webinar organized by us, or download or access an asset on our Sites related to such an event, webinar or other activity involving third-party sponsors or presenters, we may share your personal data with them
These tools help us understand Users’ behavior on our Services, including by tracking page content, and click/touch, movements, scrolls and keystroke activities. +
When the setting is turned on, the web browser sends a special signal to websites, analytics companies, ad networks, plug-in providers, and other web services to stop tracking the user’s browsing activity.
Please note that we may still continue to send you transactional and other non-marketing communications, for example, messages about products or services you or your organization have requested, events you’ve registered for, announcements about service levels or security-related issues, etc., even after you’ve opted out. +
Digital Behavioral Data: Web page interactions (clicks, hovers, focus, mouse movements, browsing, zooms and other interactions), referring web page/source through which you accessed the Sites, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Sites
Social Media: When an individual interacts with us through various social media networks, such as when someone “Likes” us on Facebook or follows us or shares our content on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or other social networks through, for example, the social media buttons embedded into our website, we may receive some information about individuals that they permit the social network to share with third parties
In this context, we may receive information such as contact information, company name, what products you have purchased or may be interested in, evaluation information you have provided, what events you have attended, and what country you are in.
These widgets and features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
To process or personalize our interaction with you (for example, we may use your email domain to infer your affiliation with a particular organization or industry to personalize our interactions with you, or where you use multiple Services, we may combine information about you and your activities to provide an integrated experience, such as to present relevant product information as you travel across our websites)
We also collect any messages you send us through the Service (such as user feedback, search queries and prompts), and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service (such as text and photos you upload to use in your designs)
The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services
Outside of certain opt-out preference settings within the browser used to access our Websites such as the Global Privacy Control noted in the state-specific addendums, we currently do not respond to DNT signals and we may continue to collect information in the manner described in this Privacy Statement from web browsers that have enabled DNT signals or similar mechanisms.
However, as Toast is an international organization with business processes, offices and third parties around the world, your information may be sent to any other country in the world where we do business or maintain third-party relationships
We may collect the following personal data about event attendees: Registration, contact and company information: first and last names; email addresses; phone numbers; mailing addresses; company name; your role in your company
Our marketing and advertising partners may collect or receive personal information about you and/or collect certain information about your interactions with our Websites, or your email communications with Cloudflare, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, in order to gain insights that may help us market and advertise our services to you.
Specifically, NextRoll, Inc. collects information about your activity on our site to enable us to (a) measure and analyze traffic and browsing activity on our Site; and (b) show advertisements for our products and/or services to you on third-party sites
Log data: When our Customers use the Services we may collect log data such as your Internet Protocol address, the date and time of your use of the Services and cookie data. +
Other Personal Information, such as identifiable health information, including genetic information, employment-related information, information about education and professional qualifications, including professional specialties, financial information, and demographic information like age, race, or gender.
HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION We may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available, and provide personal information with and to third parties, as described below.
Our website does not currently recognize “Do Not Track” signals sent by some browsers.
Personal Information may further include your IP address or other Navigational Information, discussed below, if such information can be used to identify you.
We may use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better experience.
Whether you're a Visitor, User, Advisory Client, or Tax Client, here's a breakdown: Visitors: When you visit our websites or download our apps, we collect data to recognize your return visits, measure marketing effectiveness, determine who is visiting us, and ensure a positive website experience by collecting your browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems, and advertisements. i.e., “Cookies” Users: If you create a User Account, we collect your contact details, such as first name and last name, email and password to establish your account, send service updates and marketing communications, and provide you with a secure login.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit.
With Your Consent: We may disclose personal information about an individual to certain other third parties or publicly with their consent or direction.
ACTIVATE LOCATION FEATURES The Eight Sleep Service includes features that require the collection of specific location data, including: GPS signals, device sensors, Wi-Fi access points, and cell tower IDs.
We may disclose personal data to third parties or allow them to collect personal data from our Services as described in Section ‎5 above, if those third parties are our Customers (in respect of Customer Data processed on their behalf), or our authorized Service Providers or business partners who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such personal data, or if you integrate the services of third parties with our Services, or direct us to disclose your personal data to third parties, or as otherwise described in Section 5 above.
Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests.
Summary: If we sell our business, any of the info which we’ve acquired about you may be part of the sale.
Please note that the information you share in public areas of our Websites may be viewed by any user of our Websites.
Persistent Cookies: These record your visit to our website and apps, recognize you as a previous visitor and track your activity on the website or apps.
A device identifier may convey information to us about how you use the Service.
Purpose of the processing Verification of the status as a healthcare professional Categories of personal data · Meta data (e.g., IP-Addresses) · Location data (e.g., approximate location based on IP-address or exact location when GPS) · Device information (e.g., installed fonts on the device or screen resolution) · Identification and contact information (such as name, surname, address, country, profession) Legal basis Art.
Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site, while others are used to allow us to track your activities related to our Site.
California residents can find this information above, in the respective sections of this Privacy Policy, and below: Figma collects the following Categories of Personal Information: Identifiers: A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers.
Klaviyo Group: We may share with other companies and brands owned or controlled by Klaviyo Group, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Klaviyo Group.
Personal Information Automatically Collected As is true of most digital platforms, we and our third-party providers and partners collect certain personal information automatically when you visit, interact with, or use our Service: Log Data: Including your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser details such as type, ID, and configuration, unique identifiers, local and language settings; session logging, heatmaps and scrolls; screen resolution, ISP, device type and version, the referring URL, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our services and any errors that may occur during your visit to our Services.
We may also use some of that info to send you relevant ads on other sites, like Facebook or Google.
Internet Activity Information, such as: Your “log-in” and “log-out” information The pages that you visit before, after, and while using our Services Pages you visit, links you click, and the content you view on the Site Single Sign-On Information (SSO) that allows us to verify your authorized access to the Services from another service you use and with which we partner, such as your email.
Some companies may use information collected on our Website to deliver advertisements on behalf of us or other companies, targeted to your interests and preferences, on other websites or apps you may visit or on your social media feed and to gauge their effectiveness.
Information that we collect from you automatically may include the following: Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, Internet Service Provider (ISP), browser type, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or browsing actions and browsing patterns.
Internet or other electronic network activity: Information on a consumer's interaction with websites, applications, or advertisements related to the Services.
Information We Collect Through Our Mobile Applications When you access our Services through our mobile applications, we may receive certain mobile device data such as a unique identification number associated with your device, your device type and manufacturer, your mobile carrier, subscriber status, payment method, phone number, caller ID data, or, depending on your mobile device settings, your location information, including GPS coordinates.
Information collected automatically by cookies, web beacons or other similar technologies (described in the “Cookies and other tracking technologies” section of this Statement) may include: information about your device, such as your device type/model, number and device ID (e.g., MAC address); information about your browser, settings (e.g., language) and operating system; your internet protocol (IP) address (including, in some instances, your perceived location); unique advertising and related identifiers; transactional and purchase information; and browsing and usage activity, such as the referring domain, what websites/content you have viewed or actions you have taken on a particular website.
Targeted advertising and your choices In certain cases, we allow third-party advertising partners to use cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies on our Websites, mobile applications and within our Services to collect information about you and your activities for interest-based advertising or other targeted content.
Our Services may include publicly accessible blogs, forums, social media pages, and private messaging features.
These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including the use of Cookies.
When you access the Services by or through a mobile device, we collect certain information automatically, including the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, and your general location information as described further below.
Website Usage Data: When you visit our Websites, we automatically log information about how you interact with the sites, such as the referring site, date and time of visit, and the pages you have viewed or links you have clicked.
The information that our ad network vendors collect includes information about your visits to our Website and other websites, as well as pages you have viewed and the actions you have taken on our Website.
Location information may include: (i) the location of the device derived from GPS or WiFi use; (ii) the location derived from the IP address of the device or internet service used to access the Services, and (iii) other information made available by a user or others that indicates the current or prior location of the user.
We also may receive your Personal Information from advertising, market research, or data enrichment partners with whom we engage to identify prospective customers.
Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), and other tracking technologies to analyze and measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you.
Some images and information about members of the public may also be captured by the device.
We collect information you provide to the Services for the purpose of providing the Services to you, which may include personal information such as information about your interactions with other users and any content you create or upload when using the Services, which can include your voice if you use any Figma voice features.
We may also collect, use, and store information based on your usage history, including details of your purchases, content you viewed, event information, and clickstream information.
This information may also include a recording of your clicks, scrolls, keystrokes, and other information about your mobile app session.
We may also store information based on your usage history, including details of your purchases, content you viewed, event information and click stream information.
Third party source data profile information gathered from social networking sites; information that you have viewed or interacted with our content; company information; job titles; avatars; email addresses; phone number; approximate geolocation data.
Our physical stores may use cameras, computer vision, sensors, and other technology to gather information about your activity in the store, such as the products and services you interact with
Biometric identifiers <p>For example: facial scans or fingerprints.</p> <ul> <li>Provide the Services</li> <li>Personalize your experience</li> <li>Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices</li> <li>Protect our users, Services and properties</li> </ul> Audio and video <p>For example: audio recordings of a customer service call or security video footage if you visit one of our properties.</p>
<li>Biometric information, such as imagery of the iris, retina, and fingerprints</li> <li>Location information
You may use any biometrics like the face or fingerprint recognition to access your data without the need to actually providing your master password in our apps.
<strong>Biometric identifiers</strong> </p> <p>For example: facial scans or fingerprints we collect at some of our theme parks, studios, or our offices.</p>
In some Offerings that include dynamic entertainment features, we may with your consent and in accordance with applicable law, collect information such as via facial scanning, eye tracking, or skin response that may be considered biometric.</li>
<p>Your use of these features may result in the collection of biometric information.
Biometric information – We may collect face photo, identity document, facial recognition, voice, or other biometric data.
Body and biometric Data</strong> – When you use our products, you might provide us with information about your body, such as your height or weight, or gait to create personalized objects with our 3D Print technology. With your permission, some of our products may collect biometric information (such as a fingerprint) to perform functions on the device.
We may collect biometric identifiers and biometric information as defined under US laws, such as faceprints and voiceprints, from your User Content.
Audio, electronic, visual, biometric, or similar information, for example:</p> <ul> <li>Call recordings when you talk to customer service</li> <li>Voice identification, when you consent to this biometric method of authentication</li> <li>Photo IDs and profile pictures you provide</li>
If you use Amazon Connect Voice ID in a jurisdiction that has legal requirements related to the collection, possession, processing, use, disclosure, storage of any biometric information or identifiers (“biometric data”)
Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data
Biometric: When you consent in the user experience, we collect voice identification or face scans to authenticate your account\nAudio, electronic, visual, or similar information
information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Depending on the privacy regulations in your jurisdiction, some of these physical characteristics may fall under the definition of biometric information.
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service
Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.'
'Biometric Information\n\nExamples: Physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics, including DNA, that can be used, singly or in combination with each other or with other identifying data, to establish individual identity, such as imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information.'
The information collected from your photo and your voice by our third-party vendors may include biometric data
Biometric identifiers <p>For example: facial scans or fingerprints.</p> <ul> <li>Provide the Services</li> <li>Personalize your experience</li> <li>Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices</li> <li>Protect our users, Services and properties</li> </ul>
and returned</li> <li>Biometric information, such as imagery of the iris, retina, and fingerprints</li> <li>Location information
<b>Face recognition:</b> If you have it turned on, we use face recognition technology to recognize you in photos, videos and camera experiences. The face-recognition templates we create may constitute data with special protections under the laws of your country.
<li>Still or video images captured by cameras or readers on or around our physical properties. and</li> <li>
- Still or video images captured by cameras or readers on or around our physical properties. and<br> -
✓ Your image in photo or video form (where required as part of our Know-Your-Client (KYC) checks or where you upload a photo to your Revolut account).
>Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.</li>
<b>Face recognition:</b> If you have it turned on, we use face recognition technology to recognize you in photos, videos and camera experiences. The face-recognition templates we create are data with special protections under EU law. Learn more about how we use face recognition technology, or control our use of this technology in Facebook Settings. If we introduce face-recognition technology to your Instagram experience, we will let you know first, and you will have control over whether we use this technology for you.
Other facial scanning technology may be used for research, analytics, and enhancing consumer experiences.</p>
Audio, electronic, visual, biometric, or similar information, for example:</p> <ul> <<li>Photo IDs and profile pictures you provide</li>
.Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as voice recordings, video recordings, physical characteristics or description, and photos.
We collect the following publicly available data:</p> <ul> <li>Public images, audio-video, and survey data (e.g., lidar / radar data) surrounding our NVIDIA-identified vehicles, so that we can train our AV and AI models to safely and reliably perceive, classify, and navigate public roads and other spaces;</li> <li>Publicly licensed or non-copyrighted images of people, faces, or objects so that we can train our AI models to reliably and accurately classify the content of these images;</li> <li>Public images and audio-video in clearly disclosed locations so that we can train our AI models to reliably and accurately classify people, faces, and public incidents such as accidents or car alarms.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your User Content, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your User Content
We collect information about content you create or provide on our services, and your engagement with the camera and creative tools. For certain content, this may include information based on the content of the image, video, and audio
any of our services require us to collect images and other information from your device’s camera, photos, and microphone
add context to your Snapchat experience, for example by tagging your Memories with searchable labels based on your location and the content of your photo or video
we scan and analyze all images uploaded by users to the Airbnb platform in message threads, profiles, listings, and experiences
You may choose to give permission for our Services to collect images, photos, videos, and other information from your device’s camera and photo library For example, when you choose to include images, photos, or videos in your posts these files may include metadata indicating how, when, where and by whom the files were created and how they are formatted
For example when it's included as part of your images we may collect information describing your camera camera settings or EXIF information
\nBiometric: When you consent in the user experience, we collect voice identification or face scans to authenticate your account\nAudio, electronic, visual, or similar information:
Sensory data: We may receive your voice through your microphone and animation data derived from your head movement and facial expressions
Facial data collected for special effects or emojis will only be processed offline for those purposes unless explicit consent is given.
Biometric identifiers, such as facial scans or fingerprints, are used to personalize experiences and protect our users and properties.
We may use biometric information, including facial imagery and fingerprints, for various purposes, such as location information.
Face recognition technology is employed to identify users in photos and videos, with templates created and protected under applicable laws.
Still or video images captured by cameras on our properties might include biometric information.
Biometric identifiers such as facial scans or fingerprints may be collected at theme parks, studios, or offices.
Voice, facial recognition, and other biometric data may be collected for identity verification.
Some entertainment venues collect biometric data like facial scans and eye tracking with user consent.
Amazon Connect Voice ID may collect biometric data in jurisdictions with relevant legal requirements.
Face recognition technology is used with user consent, and special protections under EU law apply.
Certain features may lead to the collection of biometric information.
Biometric data like face photos, voice, and identity documents might be collected.
Facial scanning technology may enhance consumer experiences and analytics.
Biometric identifiers and information, including faceprints and voiceprints, can be collected from user content.
Various forms of information, including photo IDs and profile pictures, may be collected.
Various sensory data, including voice and animation derived from facial expressions, may be collected.
Third-party vendors may collect biometric data from photos and voices for analysis.
User consent might lead to the collection of voice identification and face scans for account authentication.
voice recordings when you speak to Alexa.
biometric data such as fingerprints or voice prints
Audio information Including voice commands you provide to our apps (for example, for accessibility or hands-free use)
Voice and audio information when you use audio features
the information we collect, including your search and watch history and recordings of your voice searches, may be stored with your Google account and used to improve your Google experience.
Voice identification, when you consent to this biometric method of authentication</li> <li>Photo IDs and profile pictures you provide</li>
We collect the content you create or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams
('If you elect to turn on personalized audio isolation, software on your device will capture and analyze a clip of your audio from meetings you join to create an Audio Signature used to differentiate your voice from, and suppress background noise in, meetings you join.'
Limited Information from Zoom Email and Calendar Services); audio, electronic, and visual information (such as in Content and Context from Meetings, Webinars, Messaging, and Other Collaborative Features)
If voice features are available in your market and if you have chosen to use a voice feature, we collect and process voice data. Voice data includes audio recordings of your voice and transcripts of those recordings.
To recognize speech your audio may be sent to a third party provider such as Google, Apple, or Amazon Web Services.
<strong>Provide voice, image and camera services.</strong> When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our services.
When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our services.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person.
What does Spotify do with the voice data it collects? <p>Spotify uses this data to recognise what you say, to understand you better and to help us provide a response or take an action. Spotify may also use and share this data in other ways, which are described in our Privacy Policy. For example, using your data to improve voice functionality on Spotify, to develop new voice features, and to help us provide you with advertising that is more relevant to you. It also includes sharing information, from time to time, with our service providers
we use an external service for voice-to-text recognition. Only the voice messages can be sent to this service without any other personal information.
Strategically collecting voice data empowers us to provide personalized responses and tailor our services to each user.
Voice data is the cornerstone of our innovation, guiding us in creating intuitive voice-driven functionalities.
We specialize in voice data collection, harnessing the power of voice inputs to refine our applications and devices.
If you are using our communication tools on the Platform (particularly in case of voice communication), we may require access to your camera and/or microphone, and may conduct voice recordings
Voice captures serve as the backbone of our data acquisition, fostering continuous improvements in voice technology.
With a primary focus on voice data, we work to create voice-enabled experiences that cater to diverse user needs.
Voice recordings stand at the forefront of our data gathering efforts, driving advancements in voice recognition technology.
Our core competency revolves around voice data collection, enabling us to craft intuitive voice-controlled solutions.
Voice input takes precedence in our data collection, shaping the development of cutting-edge voice-responsive systems.
We specialize in voice data acquisition, harnessing user vocalizations to elevate the effectiveness of our services.
Voice data is our primary asset, enabling us to create responsive voice-driven applications that enhance convenience.
Our expertise lies in voice data collection, fueling the development of innovative voice-based functionalities.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as voice recordings, video recordings, physical characteristics or description, and photos.
the audio data of voice and video messages that users choose to convert to text may be shared with Google in order to obtain their transcribed versions. Only audio data may be shared for this purpose
Many of our services require us to collect images and other information from your device’s camera, photos, and microphone.
oice data: We may receive your voice data through your microphone
For instance, with your permission and for the purpose of improving our speech recognition technologies, we manually review short snippets of voice data that we have taken steps to de-identify
For moderation purposes, some of this voice data may be recorded and sent to a third party service for additional processing.', array
Your Voice: We may use your voiceprint to understand your voice commands and, if you opt in, to improve our abilities to understand voice commands in general when you are using Peloton Guide
'For instance, with your permission and for the purpose of improving our speech recognition technologies, we manually review short snippets of voice data that we have taken steps to de-identify
Only audio data may be shared for this purpose (no other data, such as the user's IP address or any information about their account is shared
f you choose to either record your own voice onto the Service, or to use the voice command features, Waze will collect the voice information related to such use, including voice files
If, after recording your own voice, you chose to share your voice recordings, other Waze users and other people will be able to download and use your voice recordings
Connecting recording devices to SmartThings might result in the collection of video, audio, and image content.
Voice recordings captured during interactions with Alexa are used for various purposes.
Biometric data like fingerprints or voice prints may be collected for authentication.
Voice commands provided to our apps, like for accessibility, are collected as audio information.
Audio features involve the collection of voice and audio information for service improvement.
Search and watch history, as well as voice recordings, may be stored to enhance your Google experience.
Voice identification and profile pictures might be collected for authentication.
Content creation, including photographs, videos, and audio recordings, is collected through the Platform.
Personalized audio isolation may involve capturing audio clips for suppression of background noise.
Audio, electronic, and visual information from meetings, webinars, and messaging may be collected.
Voice data, including audio recordings and transcripts, is collected for voice feature usage.
Speech recognition may involve sending audio to third-party providers like Google, Apple, or Amazon.
Voice, image, and camera services collect and use personal information for requested services.
Voice input, images, and videos are collected to provide requested services and improve them.
Datasets containing images, voices, or other data may be used for research and development.
Spotify uses voice data for recognition, response, and improvement of voice functionality.
Voice messages may be sent to external services for voice-to-text recognition.
Audio, electronic, visual, and thermal information, including voice recordings, may be collected.
Conversations in Clubhouse rooms may involve the collection of audio recordings.
Manual review of de-identified voice data helps improve speech recognition technologies.
Audio, electronic, visual, and thermal information, including full-face photographic images, may be collected.
Voice recordings play a central role in data acquisition for voice-enabled devices.
Voice-activated services rely on voice recordings for data collection.
Voiceprints and audio recordings are gathered for enhancing offerings.
>Publicly licensed or non-copyrighted images of people, faces, or objects so that we can train our AI models to reliably and accurately classify the content f these images;</li>
To enhance user experiences, we collect and analyze visual data from the videos and images in your User Content, including object identification, facial detection, and text extraction.
Our platform is designed to collect and process visual data from the videos and images you share, encompassing object recognition, facial recognition, and text extraction from your User Content.
We may gather and utilize visual data from the videos and images in your User Content, which may include detecting objects, faces, and text for various purposes.
To provide advanced features and functionalities, we may collect and utilize visual data from your videos and images, including object identification, facial recognition, and text extraction.
We collect and analyze visual data from the videos and images you upload, such as identifying objects, faces, and text within your User Content, to enhance our services
We collect and analyze visual data from the videos and images you upload, such as identifying objects, faces, and text within your User Content, to enhance our services.
To provide advanced features and functionalities, we may collect and utilize visual data from your videos and images, including object identification, facial recogniton, and text extraction.
We collect and analyze visual data from the videos and images you upload, such as identifying objects, faces, and text within your User Content, to enhance our service.
We analyze visual content you upload, including videos, images, and audio recordings, to detect characteristics and features, such as objects, scenes, faces, and text.
As part of our services, we gather and process visual data from the multimedia content you share, identifying elements like objects, scenes, faces, and textual information.
To enhance our platform's functionality, we may automatically collect visual data from the videos, images, and audio recordings you submit, including object recognition, facial detection, and text extraction.
Our system collects and analyzes visual data from the multimedia content you provide, identifying objects, faces, scenes, and textual content within your uploads.
For improving user experiences and content recommendations, we analyze and collect visual data from your multimedia uploads, including object identification, facial recognition, and text extraction.
We employ advanced algorithms to collect and process visual data from your multimedia content, encompassing object recognition, facial detection, and text extraction for various purposes.
Visual data collection is integral to our platform's functionality, and we gather data from your videos, images, and audio recordings, including object and facial recognition, as well as text extraction.
In order to personalize content and enhance your experience, we collect and analyze visual data from your multimedia uploads, identifying objects, faces, scenes, and textual content.
Our platform is designed to collect and utilize visual data from your multimedia content, including object recognition, facial recognition, and text extraction, to improve services.
We may gather and analyze visual data from your multimedia content, which may include detecting objects, recognizing faces, and extracting text for various purposes.
To provide personalized experiences and enhance content recommendations, we collect and analyze visual data from your multimedia uploads, encompassing object identification, facial detection, and text extraction.
Our platform automatically processes and collects visual data from your multimedia content, including object identification, facial detection, and text extraction for various purposes.
Visual data collection is a fundamental aspect of our service, and we may collect data from your videos, images, and audio recordings, including object and facial recognition, as well as text extraction.
For content improvement and personalization, we collect, analyze, and process visual data from your multimedia uploads, which may involve identifying objects, recognizing faces, and extracting text.
Our platform is specially designed to collect and utilize visual data from your multimedia content, encompassing object recognition, facial recognition, and text extraction for service enhancement.
We may gather, analyze, and collect visual data from your multimedia content, which may include detecting objects, recognizing faces, and extracting text for various purposes.
To enhance user experiences and provide personalized content, we collect and analyze visual data from your multimedia uploads, encompassing object identification, facial detection, and text extraction.
Our platform automatically gathers and processes visual data from your multimedia content, including object identification, facial detection, and text extraction for various purposes.
Visual data collection is an essential element of our service, and we may collect data from your videos, images, and audio recordings, including object and facial recognition, as well as text extraction.
For the purpose of content improvement and personalization, we collect, analyze, and process visual data from your multimedia uploads, which may involve identifying objects, recognizing faces, and extracting text within your User Content.
Our platform is optimized to gather and utilize visual data from your multimedia content, encompassing object recognition, facial recognition, and text extraction for service enhancement.
Visual data collection is a crucial part of our service, and we may collect data from your videos, images, and audio recordings, including object and facial recognition, as well as text extraction.
For content improvement and personalization, we gather, analyze, and process visual data from your multimedia uploads, which may involve identifying objects, recognizing faces, and extracting text.
Our platform is engineered to collect and utilize visual data from your multimedia content, encompassing object recognition, facial recognition, and text extraction for service enhancement.
Visual data collection is an integral part of our service, and we may collect data from your videos, images, and audio recordings, including object and facial recognition, as well as text extraction.
For content improvement and personalization, we collect, analyze, and process visual data from your multimedia uploads, which may involve identifying objects, recognizing faces, and extracting text within your User Content.
For the purpose of content improvement and personalization, we collect, analyze, and process visual data from your multimedia uploads, which may involve identifying objects, recognizing faces, and extracting text.
For content improvement and personalization, we collect, analyze, and process visual data from your multimedia uploads, which may involve identifying objects, recnizing faces, and extracting text within your User Content.
We employ sophisticated algorithms to collect and analyze visual information embedded within your multimedia content, such as videos, images, and audio recordings.
As part of our commitment to enhancing your experience, we may gather and process visual data from the multimedia you share, including identifying objects, recognizing faces, and extracting textual content.
Our platform's functionality includes the automated collection and analysis of visual data from your multimedia contributions, which encompasses object identification, facial recognition, and text extraction.
In our quest to improve services, we automatically collect and analyze visual data from your multimedia content, detecting elements like objects, faces, scenes, and textual information.
To tailor content and recommendations to your preferences, we perform comprehensive analysis and collection of visual data from your multimedia uploads, including object identification, facial detection, and text extraction.
Our advanced data processing techniques involve gathering and processing visual data from your multimedia content, which may involve identifying objects, recognizing faces, and extracting textual content.
Visual data acquisition is an integral aspect of our platform's operations, and we may collect data from your videos, images, and audio recordings, encompassing object and facial recognition, as well as text extraction.
To ensure your content is personalized and engaging, we collect, process, and analyze visual data from your multimedia uploads, encompassing object recognition, facial detection, and text extraction.
Our platform's architecture is specifically designed for the collection and utilization of visual data from your multimedia content, including object recognition, facial recognition, and text extraction to enhance services.
We may gather, analyze, and collect visual data from your multimedia content, which may involve detecting objects, recognizing faces, and extracting textual information for various purposes.
In our pursuit of delivering personalized content and improved user experiences, we collect and analyze visual data from your multimedia uploads, encompassing object identification, facial detection, and text extraction.
Our platform automatically conducts the processing and collection of visual data from your multimedia content, including object identification, facial detection, and text extraction for various purposes.
Visual data collection plays a pivotal role in our service, and we may acquire data from your videos, images, and audio recordings, incorporating object and facial recognition, as well as text extraction.
For the continuous enhancement and personalization of content, we systematically collect, analyze, and process visual data from your multimedia uploads, which may entail object identification, facial recognition, and text extraction.
Our platform's core functionality includes the collection and utilization of visual data from your multimedia content, encompassing object recognition, facial recognition, and text extraction for service optimization.
We may collect, analyze, and obtain visual data from your multimedia content, encompassing object identification, facial detection, and text extraction for a multitude of purposes.
To enrich user experiences and provide tailored content, we analyze and collect visual data from your multimedia uploads, encompassing object identification, facial detection, and text extraction.
Our platform seamlessly conducts the automated processing and collection of visual data from your multimedia content, including object identification, facial detection, and text extraction for diverse purposes.
Visual data acquisition is an indispensable component of our service, and we may gather data from your videos, images, and audio recordings, incorporating object and facial recognition, as well as text extraction.
For the sake of refining content and delivering personalized experiences, we methodically collect, analyze, and process visual data from your multimedia uploads, which may include identifying objects, recognizing faces, and extracting text.
Our platform's specialized infrastructure facilitates the collection and utilization of visual data from your multimedia content, encompassing object recognition, facial recognition, and text extraction to optimize services.
We may acquire, analyze, and gather visual data from your multimedia content, which may involve detecting objects, recognizing faces, and extracting textual information for various purposes.
In our commitment to enhancing user interactions and delivering tailored content, we collect and analyze visual data from your multimedia uploads, encompassing object identification, facial detection, and text extraction.
Our platform automatically performs the processing and collection of visual data from your multimedia content, including object identification, facial detection, and text extraction for multifaceted purposes.
Visual data collection is a fundamental aspect of our service delivery, and we may collect data from your videos, images, and audio recordings, integrating object and facial recognition, as well as text extraction.
To facilitate content improvement and personalized experiences, we systematically collect, analyze, and process visual data from your multimedia uploads, which may entail object identification, facial recognition, and text extraction.
Our platform's specialized design enables the collection and utilization of visual data from your multimedia content, encompassing object recognition, facial recognition, and text extraction for service enhancement.
We may gather, analyze, and obtain visual data from your multimedia content, encompassing object identification, facial detection, and text extraction for diverse purposes.
In our pursuit of enhancing user engagement and delivering customized content, we meticulously collect and analyze visual data from your multimedia uploads, encompassing object identification, facial detection, and text extraction.
For the purpose of content refinement and personalized experiences, we methodically collect, analyze, and process visual data from your multimedia uploads, which may include identifying objects, recognizing faces, and extracting text.
Chat messages are screened by an automated system for spam.
We enable users to communicate with each other and Uber through Uber’s mobile apps and websites. To provide this service, Uber receives some data regarding the calls, texts, or other communications, including the date and time of the communications and the content of the communications.
Please keep in mind that the operators of the server and any receiving server may view such messages</em>, and that recipients may screenshot, copy or otherwise re-share them.
information in postings, comments, or forums (such as chat rooms, message boards, or similar public forums) within the Services, and in non-public messages you send to other users of the Services;</li>
We also use automatic scanning technology on messages to support and protect our site. For example, we use this technology to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or Professional Community Policies from our Services.</p>
<br>In principle, we will not use private posts, as such messages exchanged between users, for any purpose other than distributing such posts. However, in certain countries or regions (*1) for specific services, we may use a part of such information upon obtaining your additional consent for the provision and maintenance of services, development and improvement of services, prevention of unauthorized use, and provision of optimized contents including ads.
Any UGC (including chat messages, links, video, photo, audio or other media content) that you submit in connection with GETTR may be made publicly available through GETTR’s library of searchable content.
Flatmates.com.au may access, read, and permanently store any messages sent by you to another user of the Website using the Website’s messaging function, or sent to Flatmates.com.au using the Website’s messaging function, for the purposes of protecting the safety and security of the Website and its users.
monitor and/or record communications between and among users on the Site.
<p>In order to provide you our Services, including to detect and evaluate malware and spam, we may scan, collect, and store data from your files, including emails, attachments, email addresses, metadata, and URLs and traffic data
Company has the right to monitor the Service, including the chat rooms
members must be aware that these messages are not confidential and the fivesquid compliance team have the right to review these messages for dispute resolution purposes, or concerns over fraudulent or other illegal activity</p> </li> <li> <p>
By default, we store chat messages on our servers. There is a space-wide option available to the host that allows them to turn this off and store all chats locally, though chat messages will no longer persist between sessions.</li> <li>We store any images or documents that you upload to Gather in build mode. They are encrypted at rest in cloud storage.</li>
To analyse the content of the chats in which you interact with other users.
For example, we review the text and/or image content of your posts, replies, chat messages, and collect metadata regarding such messages that may collect the identity of the user and any users they communicate with.
For example, when you want to post in a forum, you provide us the content for the post (which could contain PI which we collect and then display for you on the forum). Likewise, when you use other features such as voice or text messaging, blogs, surveys, user-generated content, activity streams, or social media, we may first collect the information you enter into the feature.
Grubhub may monitor any and all use of the Platform, including, without limitation, interactions between our users.
the content of messages sent using our chat and messaging systems
We may pre-screen user messages or files to prevent spam and other abuse,
We may also retain any messages you send through the Service
Our systems automatically process content and communications you and others provide to analyze context and what's in them for the purposes described below.
We may review, scan, or analyse the messages you exchange with other members of our community through our Platforms for fraud prevention, service improvement, customer support purposes, enforcement of the contracts entered into with our members (such as our Terms and Conditions).
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our Services. This includes things like messages you write and receive
For example, some of our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically scan content in an automated manner to identify suspected spam, viruses, abusive actions, or URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links. and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
Information we collect may include but not be limited to username, email address, and any messages, images, transient VOIP data (to enable communication delivery only) or other content you send via the chat feature.
Review your messages on Pinterest to detect activity that poses a risk to the safety of you, our community and/or members of the public.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).</p> </li> <li> <p>Verizon Media analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail.
We process and store messages sent through our messaging system to ensure the efficient delivery of information between users.
For your safety, we employ automatic scanning technology on messages to detect and block any content that violates our community standards.
We may utilize AI algorithms to analyze message content and patterns to improve our services and offer personalized user recommendations.
Your interactions with other users, including chat messages and forum posts, are subject to review to maintain a respectful and inclusive community environment.
Messages exchanged via our platform may be stored and processed to comply with legal obligations and respond to law enforcement inquiries.
We may collect, process, and store the contents of your messages and communications to optimize our platform's performance and enhance user satisfaction.
As part of our commitment to user safety, we reserve the right to monitor and review messages for any potential violations of our policies.
Messages and chats sent through our service may be analyzed to identify and prevent spam, fraud, and other malicious activities.
To enhance user engagement, we analyze message data to provide real-time suggestions for quick and relevant responses.
By using our messaging features, you consent to the scanning of your communications for the purpose of improving our platform's functionality and user experience.
Our services involve the gathering of content you generate, upload, or receive during your interactions. This encompasses elements like emails you compose and receive, pictures and videos you store.
Dialog transcripts. We may maintain records of conversational logs for reasons of security and content control.
Should you disregard this advisory and transmit specific or sensitive information via private messages or as comments, there exists no obligation to ensure confidentiality or to refrain from actions that conflict with your interests.
If you exchange messages with others via the Platform, we may retain them to manage and deliver the messages, allowing you to oversee them. Furthermore, we may examine and unveil them in connection with inquiries linked to platform usage and our endeavors to enhance the service.
Personal Data will be collected and processed when explicitly furnished by you or exchanged as part of interactions with others on our platform, such as in community forums, chats, or feedback submissions. This data encompasses: Information conveyed through chat sessions;
The websites possess the authority to scrutinize, monitor, display, accept, reject, or withdraw any Content submitted (including private messages, public remarks, group chat messages, instant messages).
The categories of data we might amass consist of: Correspondence, comprising messages and interactive discussions like group discussions, messages to fellow users, and data shared in relation to events and activities.
While engaging in Direct Messaging, your correspondences and associated data will be saved and processed. This involves scanning for malevolent content within links, shortening URLs to t.co addresses, identifying spam, abusive or banned content, and managing reported matters. We also analyze information about your communication partners and timing (excluding content) to enhance platform usage, safeguard its integrity, and offer more pertinent content.
Our systems automatically process the content and messages provided by you and others to contextualize and comprehend their meaning for the designated objectives.
Your data, encompassing private messages, may be distributed.
We compile the content you send to our Services, encompassing posts, remarks (including drafts), broadcasts of audio and video, discussions with other users (for instance, private messages, chats, and communication with moderators), along with reports and other communications with us. This content may include text, URLs, images, animations, audio, and videos.
Automated algorithms are employed to examine chat messages for spam.
Note that conversations or communications with us, whether through the Service or over the phone, may be supervised and recorded for quality evaluation.
We retain the right to inspect user account actions, including private discussions, account specifics, and order records, upon receipt of grievances from fellow users.
Data exchanged either one-on-one or within a restricted group using our messaging or post functionality may be compiled if permitted by applicable laws.
Your private messages and the associated data may be stored and processed to detect malicious content, prevent spam, identify prohibited images, review content for non-compliance with our terms of use, or react to legal procedures or law enforcement inquiries.
Bear in mind that any content, including private messages, submitted on specific sections of our platform, may be collected by us, including Personal Information.
Information shared individually or within a limited cluster via messaging, chat, posting, or comparable features may be collected where permissible under relevant statutes.
Our automated systems scrutinize and dissect the substance of each message sent through our messaging platform, involving messages interchanged between users.
Users can engage in communication via our mobile applications and websites. To deliver this service, we receive specific data concerning calls, texts, or other forms of communication, along with communication timing and content.
Acknowledge that operators of servers, along with receiving servers, might review such messages, and addressees might capture screenshots, copy, or share them.
Information distributed within postings, remarks, or forums, whether public or non-public, and in private messages sent to other users within the platform.
We deploy automated scanning technology to facilitate and safeguard our platform. This technology aids in suggesting potential responses, managing or blocking content infringing our User Agreement or Community Guidelines.
We gather, process (including scanning and analysis), and store information exchanged via our messaging functionality. This includes message content, transmission times, recipients, and read statuses.
In principle, private posts, like messages exchanged among users, won't be utilized beyond their distribution. However, in certain jurisdictions, we may employ portions of this information with your added consent to enhance services, avert unauthorized use, and provide optimized content, including advertisements.
Any User-Generated Content (UGC), like chat messages, links, media files (videos, images, audio), submitted through our platform, could be publicly accessible in our searchable content repository.
We retain the authority to access, peruse, and forever retain any messages sent via our messaging system, aiming to ensure platform security.
Communications between users on our platform may be monitored and/or recorded.
To deliver our Services, encompassing malware and spam detection, we might scrutinize, gather, and store data from your files, encompassing emails, attachments, email addresses, metadata, and web addresses, along with traffic data.
We retain the prerogative to oversee our service, comprising chat rooms.
Users should recognize that these messages are non-confidential, and our team holds the prerogative to inspect these messages for dispute resolution, fraudulent activity, or other illegal actions.
Your use of video or chat functions may be captured or logged by our servers.
We retain the right to monitor user communication activities.
Messages sent via our Service may also be preserved.
We gather details about your interactions on our platform, like your engagements with GlobaliD Messenger, encompassing contact additions/removals, chat history, message length, blocked users, and message type (text or images). This assists in offering the Messenger feature.
Our default mode involves the storage of chat messages on our servers. A space-wide alternative permits hosts to disable this and preserve chats locally, though session-to-session persistence is forfeited.
We store any uploaded images or documents in Build Mode. These are encrypted while at rest in cloud storage.
We utilize a combination of automated systems and a team of moderators to review accounts, messages, and profiles for violations of our Terms and Conditions.
We analyze the content of your chats to assess interactions with other users.
Our examination extends to the textual and/or visual content of your posts, responses, chat conversations, and associated metadata, potentially revealing user identities and their communication partners.
When contributing to forums, you furnish us with post content, which could encompass Personal Information we collect and display for you on the forum. Additionally, when utilizing features like voice or text messaging, blogs, surveys, user-generated content, or social media, we may initially collect the data you input.
All platform use, including interactions between users, might be subject to monitoring, encompassing community interactions.
In line with King Digital Entertainment's policies (Candy Crush), we possess the ability to access and review messages transmitted using our chat and messaging systems.
We may conduct preliminary assessments of user messages or files to avert spam and other misuse.
Messages sent through our Service may also be retained.
Our automated systems automatically evaluate content and messages from you and other users to contextualize their meaning, serving designated objectives.
We may analyze, scan, or evaluate messages exchanged among community members through our platform, for purposes including fraud prevention, customer support, service enhancement, and contractual enforcement (like our Terms and Conditions).
Beyond creating, uploading, or receiving content, our Services encompass communication aspects like messages you send and receive.
In some instances, our products, like Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically inspect content in an automated manner, aiming to spot potential spam, viruses, fraudulent behavior, or URLs flagged as phishing, fraud, or malware links. We may obstruct content delivery or remove material if it violates our terms.
The information we collect might involve your username, email address, messages, images, transient VOIP data (exclusively for communication transmission), or other content transmitted via our chat feature.
Our platform encompasses the collation of content generated, uploaded, or received during your interactions. This encompasses emails authored and received, as well as photos and videos stored.
Transcript logs of conversations. For safety and content oversight, we retain records of chat histories.
Should you disregard this advisory and transmit specific or sensitive data through private messages or as comments, there's no obligation to maintain confidentiality or refrain from actions opposing your interests.
If you engage in message exchanges with others through our Service, we may retain them for management and delivery, providing you control. Furthermore, we may inspect and unveil them in relation to investigations into service usage and efforts to enhance the experience.
Personal Data shall be gathered and processed when explicitly provided by you or shared during interactions with others, like on community forums, chats, or when submitting feedback. This encompasses data shared via chat sessions.
The website maintains the right to scrutinize, monitor, display, accept, reject, or erase any Content submitted, such as private messages, public remarks, group chat messages, and instant messages.
We categorize data collection into communications, encompassing messages and interactive discussions like group posts, messages to fellow users, and details shared about events and activities.
When you correspond through Direct Messages, your interactions and related data shall be stored and processed. This includes link analysis for harmful content, URL abbreviation, identification of spam, abusive or barred content, and addressing reported concerns. We also analyze your communication partners and timings (excluding content) to enhance usage, safeguard integrity, and display relevant content.
Our systems autonomously process content and communications from you and others to extract context and comprehend their significance for specified purposes.
Your information, including private messages, may be shared.
Content you contribute to the Services is collected, such as posts, comments (including drafts), audio and video broadcasts, communications with other users (like private messages, chats, and messages with moderators), as well as reports and other correspondences with us. This content might encompass text, links, images, animations, audio, and videos.
Automated algorithms are employed to scan chat messages for spam.
Keep in mind that interactions or communications with us, whether through the Service or phone calls, might be monitored and recorded to assess quality.
Upon receiving complaints from other users, we retain the right to review user account activities, like private conversations, account particulars, and order history.
Information transmitted one-on-one or within a limited group using messaging, chat, posting, or analogous features may be collected when permissible by relevant laws.
Your private conversations and related information may be stored and processed for malicious content scanning, spam detection, identification of prohibited images, content review for terms of use violations, or response to legal processes.
Note that any submissions, whether in private messages or within community pages, shall be collected, including Personal Information.
Data exchanged individually or within a restricted cluster via messaging, chat, posting, or similar features may be gathered where allowed by applicable regulations.
We apply automated scanning tech to facilitate and secure our platform. This aids in suggesting possible replies, managing or blocking rule-violating content.
We amass, process (including scanning and analysis), and preserve data shared via our messaging feature. This includes message content, transmission times, recipients, and read statuses.
By and large, private posts, akin to messages between users, shall not be utilized for any reason other than their distribution. Nonetheless, in specific locales (*1), for certain services, we might employ a portion of this data with added consent to enhance, develop, secure against misuse, and deliver optimized content, including ads.
Any User-Generated Content (UGC), such as chat messages, links, media files (videos, images, audio), submitted via our platform, could become publicly accessible through our content repository.
We retain the ability to access, peruse, and permanently store any messages sent via our messaging system to ensure platform safety.
Communication among users on the platform may be overseen and/or recorded.
To deliver our Services, including malware and spam detection, we may inspect, accumulate, and retain data from your files, encompassing emails, attachments, email addresses, metadata, and web addresses, along with traffic data.
The company maintains the prerogative to monitor the Service, including chat rooms.
Users should take into account that these messages are not private, and our compliance team has the right to scrutinize them for dispute resolution, concerns about fraudulent or illegal activities.
Your use of video or chat functions might be recorded or logged by our servers.
We may keep track of user messaging activities.
Messages conveyed through our Service may likewise be retained.
We collate details regarding your GlobaliD Messenger engagements, encompassing additions/removals of contacts, chat history, message length, blocked users, and message type (text or images). This data enhances Messenger functionality.
By default, we save chat messages on our servers. However, a space-wide choice is available to hosts to deactivate this feature, storing chats locally and sacrificing session-to-session continuity.
We store any uploaded images or documents in Build Mode. They're encrypted when at rest in cloud storage.
We utilize a blend of automated systems and a team of moderators to evaluate accounts, messages, and profiles for violations of our Terms and Conditions.
We scrutinize the content of your conversations to evaluate interactions with fellow users.
Our evaluation encompasses textual and/or visual content from your posts, responses, chat dialogues, and connected metadata, potentially identifying user identities and communication partners.
When contributing to forums, you offer us content for posts (which could contain Personal Information we collect and display on your behalf). Additionally, when using features such as voice or text messaging, blogs, surveys, user-generated content, activity streams, or social media, we may first gather the information you input.
The entirety of platform usage, interactions, and communication between users may be subject to monitoring, including community exchanges.
In accordance with King Digital Entertainment's regulations (Candy Crush), we possess the ability to access and review messages exchanged via our chat and messaging systems.
We may carry out preliminary checks on user messages or files to prevent spam and other forms of misuse.
Messages transmitted through our Service may also be retained.
Our automated systems inherently process content and communications from you and other users to derive context and understand their implications for intended purposes.
We may analyze, inspect, or assess messages exchanged among community members through our platform for fraud deterrence, support enhancement, and contractual enforcement (e.g., Terms and Conditions).
In addition to generating, uploading, or receiving content, our Services also encompass communication facets, such as messages you convey and receive.
In certain instances, our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically review content through an automated process to identify potential spam, viruses, fraudulent behavior, or URLs marked as phishing, fraud, or malware links. We retain the authority to obstruct content delivery or delete material if it contravenes our terms.
Information collected may encompass your username, email address, messages, images, transient VOIP data (exclusively for communication delivery), or other content dispatched via our chat mechanism.
We inspect your messages on Pinterest to identify activities that pose risks to your safety, our community, or members of the public.
The data collected covers communications distributed either one-on-one or within a limited group using our messaging, chat, posting, or similar tools, within the bounds of applicable laws.
At our discretion, we may collect, store, and analyze data from your files, including emails, attachments, email addresses, metadata, and URLs, as well as traffic data, to provide you with our Services, including malware and spam detection.
The platform retains the authority to oversee its services, which includes chat rooms.
Participants should be cognizant that these messages lack confidentiality, and the compliance team retains the right to review these messages for purposes of dispute resolution, apprehensions regarding fraudulent or illicit activities.
Your utilization of video or chat features may be recorded or logged by our servers.
User messaging may also be monitored by us.
Correspondences through our Service may be preserved for record-keeping.
We gather insights into your GlobaliD Messenger actions, including connections added or removed, chat logs, message length, blocked users, and message format (image or text). This data is utilized to enhance the functionality of the Messenger feature.
By default, we save chat logs on our servers. Nonetheless, a platform-wide option exists, allowing hosts to deactivate this feature, preserving chats locally, albeit with the trade-off of session-to-session continuity.
Any images or documents uploaded to Build Mode are stored by us. They remain encrypted while at rest in cloud storage.
Our approach combines automated mechanisms and a team of moderators to assess accounts, messages, and profiles for potential violations of our Terms and Conditions.
Content analysis encompasses the textual and/or visual elements of your posts, replies, chat interactions, and associated metadata. This process may potentially unveil user identities and communication partners.
When contributing to forums, you provide us with content for posts (potentially including Personal Information). Furthermore, when utilizing features such as voice or text messaging, blogs, surveys, user-generated content, activity streams, or social media, we may initially collect the information you provide.
Entire platform use, encompassing interactions among users, may be subject to monitoring, including community exchanges.
In line with regulations from King Digital Entertainment (Candy Crush), we possess the capacity to access and review messages sent via our chat and messaging systems.
Preliminary assessments of user messages or files may be conducted to thwart spam and other types of misuse.
Messages conveyed through our Service may also be stored.
Automated systems autonomously process content and communications from you and others to extract context and interpret their meaning for designated objectives.
We may inspect, scan, or evaluate messages exchanged among community members through our platform for purposes like fraud prevention, support enhancement, and contractual enforcement (such as our Terms and Conditions).
Beyond content creation, uploads, or receipt, our Services extend to communication elements, such as the messages you transmit and receive.
In specific cases, our products, like Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically analyze content in an automated manner to identify potential spam, viruses, deceptive actions, or URLs flagged as phishing, fraud, or malware links. We retain the right to block content delivery or remove material if it contravenes our terms.
Information collected may comprise your username, email address, messages, images, transient VOIP data (solely for communication delivery), or other content conveyed via our chat feature.
We scrutinize your messages on Pinterest to detect activities that pose a risk to your safety, our community, or the broader public.
Data shared individually or within a limited group using messaging, chat, posting, or similar tools may be gathered if permissible under relevant laws.
To offer our Services, encompassing malware and spam identification, we may scrutinize, accumulate, and retain data from your files, including emails, attachments, email addresses, metadata, web addresses, and traffic data.
The company maintains the prerogative to monitor the Service, encompassing chat rooms.
Users should recognize that these messages aren't confidential, and our compliance team retains the prerogative to assess these messages for dispute resolution, apprehensions regarding fraudulent or illicit activities.
Your utilization of video or chat capabilities may be recorded or logged by our servers.
Our platform encompasses the aggregation of content you generate, upload, or acquire during your interactions. This includes composing and receiving emails, as well as storing images and videos.
Records of conversational transcripts. We maintain logs of chat histories for security and content oversight.
Should you disregard this advisory and send specific or sensitive data through private messages or as comments, there is no obligation to maintain confidentiality or abstain from actions conflicting with your interests.
In case of message exchanges with others through our Service, we reserve the right to retain them for management and delivery purposes. Additionally, we may inspect and disclose them in connection with investigations into service utilization and endeavors to enhance the experience.
Personal Data is collected and processed when explicitly provided by you or exchanged during interactions with others, such as on community forums, chats, or when providing feedback. This includes data shared via chat sessions.
The website retains the prerogative to scrutinize, monitor, display, accept, reject, or delete any Content submitted, including private messages, public remarks, group chat messages, and instant messages.
We categorize data collection into communications, encompassing messages and interactive dialogues like group posts, messages to fellow users, and details shared about events and activities.
When communicating through Direct Messages, your interactions and related data shall be archived and processed. This involves link analysis for malicious content, URL abbreviation, identification of spam, abusive or prohibited content, and addressing reported concerns. We also analyze your communication partners and timings (excluding content) to enhance usage, safeguard integrity, and present relevant content.
Our systems automatically process content and communications from you and others to derive context and understand their significance for specific purposes.
Contributions to the Services, such as posts, comments (including drafts), audio and video broadcasts, communications with other users (like private messages, chats, and communication with moderators), as well as reports and other correspondences with us, are collected. This content may comprise text, links, images, animations, audio, and videos.
Automated algorithms are utilized to scan chat messages for spam.
Please note that interactions or communications with us, whether through the Service or telephone calls, may be monitored and recorded for quality assessment.
Upon receiving complaints from other users, we retain the right to review user account activities, like private conversations, account specifics, and order history.
Information conveyed one-on-one or within a limited group via messaging, chat, posting, or analogous features may be gathered where permissible by relevant laws.
Your private conversations and related information may be archived and processed for malicious content detection, spam identification, identification of prohibited images, content review for terms of use violations, or response to legal processes.
It's important to be aware that any submissions, whether in private messages or within community pages, will be collected, including Personal Information.
Data exchanged either individually or within a restricted cluster through messaging, chat, posting, or similar features may be amassed when allowable by applicable regulations.
We utilize automated scanning technology to facilitate and secure our platform. This aids in suggesting potential responses, managing or obstructing rule-violating content.
We gather, process (including scanning and analysis), and retain data shared via our messaging feature. This includes message content, transmission times, recipients, and read statuses.
By default, we retain chat logs on our servers. However, an option exists for hosts to disable this feature, saving chats locally but forfeiting session-to-session continuity.
Any uploaded images or documents for Build Mode are stored and encrypted while at rest in cloud storage.
We employ a combination of automated mechanisms and a team of moderators to evaluate accounts, messages, and profiles for possible violations of our Terms and Conditions.
Content analysis extends to textual and/or visual aspects of your posts, responses, chat interactions, and associated metadata, potentially revealing user identities and communication partners.
When contributing to forums, you provide content for posts (potentially including Personal Information). Furthermore, when utilizing features such as voice or text messaging, blogs, surveys, user-generated content, activity streams, or social media, we may initially collect the information you provide.
Complete platform usage, including interactions among users, may undergo monitoring, encompassing community exchanges.
In line with the policies of King Digital Entertainment (Candy Crush), we possess the capacity to access and review messages sent through our chat and messaging systems.
We may conduct preliminary assessments of user messages or files to prevent spam and other forms of misuse.
Messages conveyed via our Service may also be preserved.
Our automated systems inherently process content and communications from you and others to extract context and interpret their meaning for designated objectives.
We may analyze, inspect, or assess messages exchanged among community members through our platform for fraud prevention, support enhancement, and contractual enforcement (like our Terms and Conditions).
Beyond content creation, uploads, or receipt, our Services also encompass communication elements, such as the messages you transmit and receive.
In certain instances, our products, like Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically analyze content in an automated manner to identify potential spam, viruses, deceptive actions, or URLs flagged as phishing, fraud, or malware links. We retain the right to block content delivery or remove material if it contravenes our terms.
Information collected may encompass your username, email address, messages, images, transient VOIP data (solely for communication delivery), or other content conveyed via our chat feature.
We inspect your messages on Pinterest to detect activities that pose a risk to your safety, our community, or the broader public.
By default, we save chat logs on our servers. Nonetheless, a platform-wide option exists, allowing hosts to deactivate this feature, preserving chats locally but sacrificing session-to-session continuity.
Complete platform use, including interactions among users, may undergo monitoring, encompassing community exchanges.
Our platform compiles the content you generate, upload, or receive during your interactions. This encompasses composing and receiving emails, as well as archiving images and videos.
Archives of chat histories. We maintain logs of conversational records for security and content oversight.
If you disregard this caution and send specific or sensitive information via private messages or comments, there exists no obligation to ensure confidentiality or abstain from actions that counter your interests.
In instances of message exchange with others through our Service, we retain the right to preserve them for management and distribution purposes. Furthermore, we reserve the ability to inspect and disclose them as part of inquiries into service usage and endeavors to enhance the experience.
Personal Data is amassed and processed when explicitly furnished by you or exchanged during interactions with others, such as on community forums, chats, or when providing feedback. This includes data shared via chat sessions.
The website retains the prerogative to assess, monitor, exhibit, accept, reject, or eliminate any Content submitted, encompassing private messages, public remarks, group chat messages, and instant messages.
We classify data acquisition into communications, involving messages and interactive dialogues such as group posts, messages to fellow users, and particulars disclosed about events and activities.
While conversing via Direct Messages, your interactions and related data are stored and processed. This encompasses link scrutiny for malicious content, URL abbreviation, identification of spam, abusive or forbidden content, and addressing reported concerns. Furthermore, we analyze your communication partners and timings (excluding content) to enhance utilization, ensure integrity, and present pertinent content.
Our systems inherently process content and communications from you and others to deduce context and decipher their implications for specific objectives.
Your data, including private messages, may be shared.
We also save the searches we receive to filter spam.
When using Reddit Ads, we may record a session replay of your visit for customer service, troubleshooting, and usability research purposes
To personalize advertisements and/or commercial offers based on your preferences, search history, and other Personal information available to us.
The activity information we collect may include: Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account.
If you want to browse our websites without linking the browsing history to your account, you may do so by logging out of your account here and blocking cookies on your browser.
This Log Data includes information such as the referring web page, pages visited, search terms (including those not submitted as queries).
Certain information about your browsing on third-party sites will also be collected .
We also collect information when you make use of the Site, including your browsing history.
Examples of information we receive from other sources include: [...] search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links).
You can review your activity, which is a summary of activity that businesses and organizations share with us about your interactions with them, such as visiting their apps or websites.
In general, usage statistics do not include web page URLs or personal information, but, if you have turned on Make searches and browsing better / Sends URLs of pages you visit to Google, then Chrome usage statistics include information about the web pages you visit and your usage of them.
For some domains or server IP addresses that are visited, we also record how many bytes were transferred to it.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favorites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners.
Such as: search queries streaming history playlists you create your library browsing history network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below: search information providers based inside OR outside the EU.
This may INCLUDE your IP address, pages visited, links clicked, the requested URL, and search terms.
We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (Cookies) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze how you use the Platform, including which pages you view most often and how you interact with content, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and other content.
Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device.
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including internet or other network activity information such as your browsing and search history (including content you have viewed in the Platform).
This log data includes the address of and activity on websites you visit that incorporate features (like the Save button—more details below), searches.
THIS data includes the web page you visited or search query you entered before reaching us and your activities.
Your interactions with different pages on our Services, the website that referred you to us.
This information also includes the kind of content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; the frequency and duration of your activities;23. The sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
We collect certain internet and network activity on our Services, including our websites and apps, such as the URLs of any pages you visit on our sites and apps, the URL of the website from which you came to our sites.
Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the Service, such as data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or that you have interacted with, and the date and time of your use.
Our systems retain the queries we receive to identify and prevent spam.
We utilize your preferences, search record, and other personal data to tailor personalized ads and commercial offers.
The data we gather may encompass various activities on third-party platforms and apps that utilize our services, as well as your synchronized Chrome browsing history associated with your Google Account.
If you wish to explore our websites without connecting your browsing history to your account, you have the option to log out and employ cookie-blocking measures in your browser.
The collected log data includes details such as referring web pages, visited pages, and search terms submitted (including non-query submissions).
We may also compile specific browsing information related to your interactions on third-party sites.
Our data collection extends to your browsing history when you utilize our platform.
We receive information from external sources, including search results, links, and paid listings (such as Sponsored Links).
You have the ability to review your activity, which offers a comprehensive summary of interactions between you and various businesses and organizations, including visits to their apps or websites.
Usage statistics, in general, exclude web page URLs and personally identifiable information. However, if you have enabled the Make searches and browsing better / Sends URLs of pages you visit to Google feature, Chrome usage statistics may incorporate details about visited web pages and your usage patterns.
For select domains or server IP addresses visited, we maintain records of data transmission volumes.
The advertisements you encounter may rely on additional information gathered over time, encompassing demographic data, location data, search queries, interests, favorites, usage data, and insights derived from our advertisers' and partners' sites and apps.
Such details may encompass search queries, streaming history, created playlists, personal library, and various aspects of browsing history and network activity, including browsing history and search history.
We may obtain personal data from diverse third-party sources, including search information providers within or outside the EU.
This could involve the recording of your IP address, visited pages, clicked links, requested URLs, and search terms.
We, along with our service providers and business partners, utilize cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies) to automatically gather information, assess usage patterns, enhance user experiences, improve the platform, deliver targeted advertising, and measure advertising effectiveness.
Web beacons, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, are minuscule images or data embedded within images that facilitate cookie recognition, capture page view timestamps, provide page context descriptions, and collect similar data from your device.
As you engage with the platform, certain information is collected, including internet or network activity details such as browsing and search history within the platform, including viewed content.
Our log data comprises addresses and activities of websites incorporating platform features like the Save button, as well as search queries.
This data encompasses the web page or search query preceding your visit to our platform, along with associated activities.
Your interactions across different sections of our services and the referring website are recorded.
The information gathered also includes the type of content or ads served, viewed, or clicked on; frequency and duration of activities; preceding and subsequent site or app visits; engagement with specific content or ads; visits to advertiser websites, app downloads, purchases, and other actions.
We gather specific internet and network activity data on our services, encompassing websites and apps, such as URLs of pages visited on our platforms and the URLs of referring websites.
Cookies may transmit information related to displayed advertisements, user interactions, and timestamps of use.
Our database securely stores the search queries we receive for spam detection and prevention purposes.
We utilize your preferences, historical search data, and other personal information to deliver tailored advertisements and promotional offers.
The activity information we collect may encompass interactions on third-party platforms and apps that utilize our services, as well as your synchronized Chrome browsing history linked to your Google Account.
If you prefer to explore our websites without associating your browsing history with your account, you can achieve this by logging out and implementing cookie-blocking mechanisms in your browser settings.
Our log data includes various details such as referring web pages, visited pages, and search terms, including both submitted and non-submitted queries.
Additionally, certain aspects of your browsing activities on third-party sites are subject to data collection.
We gather pertinent information when you engage with our platform, including your browsing history.
Examples of information received from external sources include search results, links, and paid listings, including those labeled as Sponsored Links.
As a user, you have the option to review your activity, which provides a comprehensive overview of your interactions with businesses and organizations, such as app visits and website navigation.
Usage statistics typically exclude web page URLs and personally identifiable information. However, if you have enabled the Make searches and browsing better / Sends URLs of pages you visit to Google feature, Chrome usage statistics may incorporate details of visited web pages and usage patterns.
In specific cases, we record data transmission volumes for domains or server IP addresses visited.
When you are signed into YouTube Kids with your Google account, the information we collect, including your search and watch history and recordings of your voice searches, may be stored with your Google account and used to improve your Google experience.
The ads you encounter may be influenced by additional information accumulated over time, including demographic data, location data, search queries, interests, favorites, usage data, and insights gathered from our advertisers' and partners' sites and apps.
This may include search queries, streaming history, created playlists, personal library content, and various aspects of browsing and network activity, such as browsing history and search history.
We may obtain personal data from various third-party sources, including search information providers located within or outside the European Union.
This could encompass recording your IP address, visited pages, clicked links, requested URLs, and search terms.
Our platform, along with our service providers and business partners, utilizes cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies) to automatically collect information, analyze user behavior, enhance user experiences, improve the platform's functionality, provide targeted advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and content.
Web beacons, also referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs, are tiny images or data embedded within images that enable cookie recognition, capture page view timestamps, describe page context, and collect similar information from your device.
When using the platform, certain information is automatically collected, including internet or network activity data such as browsing history, search history, and content viewed within the platform.
Our log data encompasses website addresses and related activities, including saved pages, searches, and navigational actions.
This data includes the web page visited or search query entered prior to accessing our platform, as well as your subsequent activities.
Your interactions across different sections of our services and the referring websites are logged and analyzed.
The information collected also includes the type of content or ads served, viewed, or clicked, the frequency and duration of activities, preceding and subsequent site or app visits, engagement with specific content or ads, visits to advertiser websites or app downloads, purchases, and other user actions.
We collect specific internet and network activity data on our services, including websites and apps,
We retain search logs to enhance our spam filtering mechanism.
nWe log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs.
Personalized advertisements and commercial offers are tailored based on your preferences, search history, and other available personal information.
Our data collection may encompass activity on third-party platforms and apps that utilize our services, as well as your Chrome browsing history synchronized with your Google Account.
If you wish to browse our websites without associating your browsing history with your account, you can achieve this by logging out and implementing cookie-blocking measures in your browser settings.
Log data includes relevant information such as referring web pages, visited pages, and search terms, including both submitted and non-submitted queries.
In addition, certain details about your browsing activities on third-party sites are also collected.
We gather information about your browsing history when you engage with our site.
Examples of data received from external sources include search results, links, and paid listings, including sponsored links.
You have the option to review your activity, which provides a summary of interactions with businesses and organizations, such as app visits and website interactions.
Usage statistics typically exclude web page URLs and personally identifiable information. However, if you have enabled the Improve searches and browsing / Send URLs of visited pages to Google feature, Chrome usage statistics may include information about visited web pages and usage patterns.
For specific domains or server IP addresses visited, we also record data transmission volumes.
The ads you see may be influenced by additional information gathered over time, such as demographic data, location data, search queries, interests, favorites, usage data, and insights from our advertisers' and partners' sites and apps.
This may include search queries, streaming history, created playlists, personal library content, and various aspects of browsing and network activity, including browsing history and search history.
We may obtain personal data from various third-party sources, including search information providers within or outside the European Union.
This may include recording your IP address, visited pages, clicked links, requested URLs, and search terms.
Web beacons, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, are small images or data embedded in images that enable cookie recognition, capture page view timestamps, describe page context, and collect similar information from your device.
Our log data includes website addresses and related activities, including saved pages, searches, and navigation.
We collect specific internet and network activity data on our services, including websites and apps, such as URLs of pages visited on our sites and apps, the URL of the website from which you came to our sites,
Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the service, including data related to displayed orinteracted-with advertisements, as well as the timestamp of your usage.
We securely store and analyze search data to enhance our spam detection algorithms.
Our advertising and promotional offers are customized based on your preferences, search history, and other personal information at our disposal.
The activity information we gather encompasses interactions on third-party sites and apps that utilize our services, along with your Chrome browsing history that is synced with your Google Account.
To ensure your browsing history remains unlinked to your account, you have the option to log out and configure your browser settings to block cookies.
Log Data comprises relevant information, including referring web pages, visited pages, and search terms, both submitted and non-submitted.
As part of our data collection, we also gather specific information about your browsing activities on third-party sites.
When utilizing our platform, we collect information about your browsing history and site interactions.
We receive information from various sources, including search results, links, and paid listings, such as Sponsored Links.
You have the ability to review your activity, which provides a comprehensive summary of your interactions with businesses and organizations, including app visits and website usage.
Usage statistics generally exclude web page URLs and personally identifiable information. However, if you have enabled the Make searches and browsing better / Sends URLs of pages you visit to Google feature, Chrome usage statistics may include data on visited web pages and usage patterns.
For specific domains or server IP addresses visited, we also track data transmission volumes.
The advertisements you encounter may be selected based on additional information gathered over time, including demographic data, location data, search queries, interests, favorites, usage data, and insights from our advertisers' and partners' sites and apps.
This may encompass search queries, streaming history, created playlists, personal library content, and various aspects of browsing and network activity, such as browsing history and search history.
We may obtain personal data from multiple third-party sources, including search information providers within or outside the European Union.
This can include recording your IP address, visited pages, clicked links, requested URLs, and search terms.
Our platform, along with our service providers and business partners, utilizes cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies) to automatically collect information, analyze user behavior, enhance user experiences, improve platform functionality, deliver targeted advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and content.
We collect specific internet and network activity data on our services, including websites and apps, such as URLs of pages visited on our sites and apps, the URL of the website from which you came to our sites, and the subsequent destinations.
Cookies may transmit information about you and your useof the service, including data related to displayed advertisements, interactions with content, and the timing of your usage.
To improve our spam filtering mechanism, we retain the searches we receive.
The activity information we collect may include your interactions on third-party sites and apps that utilize our services, as well as your Chrome browsing history synced with your Google Account.
If you prefer to browse our websites without connecting your browsing history to your account, you can do so by logging out and adjusting your browser settings to block cookies.
This Log Data includes information such as the referring web page, visited pages, and search terms, including both submitted and non-submitted queries.
Certain information about your browsing on third-party sites will also be collected.
We also collect information when you utilize the Site, including your browsing history
Examples of information we receive from other sources include search results, links, and paid listings, including sponsored links.
You have the option to review your activity, which provides a summary of activity that businesses and organizations share with us about your interactions with them, such as visiting their apps or websites.
In general, usage statistics do not include web page URLs or personal information. However, if you have enabled the Make searches and browsing better / Sends URLs of pages you visit to Google feature, Chrome usage statistics include information about the web pages you visit and your usage of them.
For some domains or server IP addresses that are visited, we also record how many bytes were transferred to them.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time, using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favorites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners
Such information includes search queries, streaming history, playlists you create, and your browsing history.
Network activity information, including browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an Internet website, application, or advertisement, may be collected.
We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources, including search information providers based inside or outside the EU.
This may include your IP address, pages visited, links clicked, requested URLs, and search terms.
We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze how you use the Platform, including which pages you view most often and how you interact with content, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and other content.
This log data includes the address of and activity on websites you visit that incorporate features such as the Save button, searches, and more.
This data includes the web page you visited or the search query you entered before reaching us, as well as your activities.
Your interactions with different pages on our Services, the website that referred you to us,
We may log information when you access and use the Services >>> This may INCLUDE your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating system, referral URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), device settings, mobile carrier name, pages visited, links clicked, the requested URL, and search terms
Utilizing advanced filters, we safeguard your searches while combatting spam.
Customized ads and commercial offers are based on your preferences, search history, and available personal information.
Activity data gathered includes interactions on third-party sites and apps using our services, as well as Chrome browsing history synced with your Google Account.
If you prefer browsing our websites without connecting your history to your account, simply log out and block cookies in your browser settings.
Log Data comprises information like referring web pages, visited pages, and search terms (even non-submitted queries).
Certain aspects of your browsing activity on third-party sites are also collected.
When using the Site, we collect information, including your browsing history.
We receive information from external sources, such as search results, links, and paid listings, including Sponsored Links.
Review your activity summary, which reflects interactions with businesses and organizations, such as visits to their apps or websites.
Usage statistics generally exclude web page URLs and personal data, but if you enable the Make searches and browsing better / Sends URLs of pages you visit to Google feature, Chrome usage statistics may include visited web pages and usage patterns.
For specific domains or server IP addresses visited, we also record data transfer volumes.
The ads displayed are influenced by demographic data, location, search queries, interests, favorites, and usage data from our products and sites, as well as information collected from advertisers' and partners' sites and apps.
Information gathered includes search queries, streaming history, playlists, library content, browsing history, and network activity interactions with websites, applications, and advertisements.
We may receive personal data from various third-party sources, including search information providers inside or outside the EU.
This information may include your IP address, visited pages, clicked links, requested URLs, and search terms.
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies) to automatically collect data, analyze usage, enhance user experience, improve the platform, provide advertising, and measure ad effectiveness.
Web beacons, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, are tiny embedded images that recognize cookies, capture page view timestamps, and provide page context descriptions.
Automatic collection of information includes internet or network activity data like browsing and search history within the platform, including viewed content.
Log data contains addresses and activities of websites incorporating platform features like the Save button and searches.
The data also encompasses the web page or search query preceding your visit to our platform, along with associated activities.
The gathered information includes the type of content or ads served, viewed, or clicked on; frequency and duration of activities; preceding and subsequent site or app visits; engagement with specific content or ads; visits to advertiser websites, app downloads, purchases, and other actions.
Specific internet and network activity data are collected on our services, including websites and apps, such as URLs of visited pages on our platforms and URLs of referring websites.
We use your preferences, historical search data, and personal information to deliver tailored advertisements and promotional offers.
Activity data includes interactions on third-party platforms and apps using our services, as well as Chrome browsing history linked to your Google Account.
If you want to browse our websites without connecting your history to your account, log out and employ cookie-blocking measures in your browser.
The collected log data includes details like referring web pages, visited pages, and search terms (including non-query submissions).
Additionally, certain aspects of your browsing activity on third-party sites are subject to data collection.
Examples of information received from external sources include search results, links, and paid listings (including Sponsored Links).
Review your activity summary, which provides a comprehensive overview of your interactions with businesses and organizations, such as app visits and website navigation.
Usage statistics typically exclude web page URLs and personally identifiable information. However, if you have enabled the Make searches and browsing better / Sends URLs of pages you visit to Google feature, Chrome usage statistics may include details of visited web pages and usage patterns.
This could involve recording your IP address, visited pages, clicked links, requested URLs, and search terms.
Our platform, along with our service providers and business partners, utilizes cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies) to automatically gather information, assess usage patterns, enhance user experiences, improve the platform, deliver targeted advertising, and measure advertising effectiveness.
Our log data comprises addresses and activities of websites incorporating platform features like the Save button, searches, and more.
We utilize your preferences, historical search data, and other personal information to deliver tailored advertisements and promotional offers. The activity information we collect may encompass interactions on third-party platforms and apps that utilize our services, as well as your Chrome browsing history linked to your Google Account.
We employ data from search inquiries to improve our spam detection mechanism.
Personalized promotions and commercial offers are customized based on your preferences, search log, and other available personal data.
The activity data we collect includes interactions on third-party platforms and applications utilizing our services, as well as your Chrome browsing history synchronized with your Google Account.
Should you prefer to browse our websites without linking your browsing history to your account, you have the option to log out and utilize cookie-blocking features in your browser settings.
The recorded data encompasses essential information, such as referring web pages, pages visited, and search terms, both submitted and non-submitted.
Additionally, certain aspects of your browsing activities on third-party websites are also subject to data collection.
When you utilize our platform, we gather relevant information about your browsing history and interactions on the site.
Information received from external sources includes search results, links, and paid listings, including sponsored content.
A comprehensive summary of your interactions with businesses and organizations, such as app visits and website navigation, can be reviewed under your activity.
Usage statistics usually exclude web page URLs and personally identifiable data. However, if you have enabled the Enhance searches and browsing / Send URLs of visited pages to Google feature, Chrome usage statistics may include details of visited web pages and usage patterns.
For specific domains or server IP addresses visited, we may also retain data on data transmission volumes.
The advertisements you encounter are influenced by accumulated information over time, including demographic data, location data, search queries, interests, favorites, usage data, and insights from our advertisers' and partners' sites and applications.
Such information may encompass search queries, streaming history, created playlists, personal library content, and various aspects of browsing and network activity, including browsing history and search history.
We may acquire personal data from diverse third-party sources, including search data providers within or outside the European Union.
This may entail recording your IP address, visited pages, clicked links, requested URLs, and search terms.
Our platform, along with our service providers and business partners, utilizes cookies and comparable technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies) to automatically gather information, analyze user behavior, improve user experiences, enhance platform functionality, deliver targeted ads, and measure advertising and content effectiveness.
Web beacons, also referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs, are small images or data embedded within images that enable cookie recognition, capture page view timestamps, describe page context, and collect similar data from your device.
When engaging with the platform, specific data is automatically collected, including internet or network activity data, such as browsing history, search history, and viewed content within the platform.
Our log data includes website addresses and related activities, including saved pages, searches, and navigational actions.
This data involves the web page or search query preceding your visit to our platform, along with associated activities.
Your interactions across various sections of our services and the referring websites are logged and analyzed.
The information collected also encompasses the type of content or ads served, viewed, or clicked, the frequency and duration of activities, preceding and subsequent site or app visits, engagement with specific content or ads, visits to advertiser websites or app downloads, purchases, and other user actions.
We collect specific internet and network activity data on our services, including websites and applications, such as URLs of pages visited on our platforms and the URLs of referring websites.
Cookies may transmit information about displayed advertisements, user interactions, and timestamps of usage.
We utilize your preferences, historical search data, and other personal information to deliver customized advertisements and promotional offers.
The activity information we gather may encompass interactions on third-party platforms and applications that use our services, as well as your synchronized Chrome browsing history associated with your Google Account.
Our log data includes various details such as referring web pages, visited pages, and search terms, both submitted and non-submitted.
In addition, certain information about your browsing activities on third-party sites is also collected.
Examples of data received from external sources include search results, links, and paid listings, including sponsored content.
You have the option to review your activity, providing a comprehensive overview of your interactions with businesses and organizations, such as app visits and website interactions.
Usage statistics generally exclude web page URLs and personally identifiable information. However, if you have enabled the Enhance searches and browsing / Send URLs of visited pages to Google feature, Chrome usage statistics may include data on visited web pages and usage patterns.
For select domains or server IP addresses visited, we also track data transmission volumes.
The ads you encounter may be influenced by additional information gathered over time, such as demographic data, location data, search queries, interests, favorites, usage data, and insights from our advertisers' and partners' sites and applications.
We may obtain personal data from various third-party sources, including search data providers within or outside the European Union.
This could include recording your IP address, visited pages, clicked links, requested URLs, and search terms.
Our platform, along with our service providers and business partners, utilizes cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies) to automatically collect information, analyze user behavior, improve user experiences, enhance platform functionality, deliver targeted advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and content.
When using the platform, certain information is automatically collected, including internet or network activity data, such as browsing history, search history, and content viewed within the platform.
This data includes the web page visited or search query entered before accessing our platform, as well as your subsequent activities.
The information collected also includes the type of content or ads served, viewed, or clicked, the frequency and duration of activities, preceding and subsequent site or app visits, engagement with specific content or ads, visits to advertiser websites, app downloads, purchases, and other user actions.
We collect specific internet and network activity data on our services, including websites and applications, such as URLs of pages visited on our sites and apps, the URL of the website from which you came to our sites, and the subsequent destinations.
Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the service, including data related to displayed or interacted-with advertisements, as well as the timestamp of your usage.
Utilizing your preferences, past search data, and other personal details to present tailored ads and promotional offers.
Our system employs the information from search queries to enhance the efficiency of our spam detection mechanism.
Customized promotions and commercial offers are generated based on your preferences, search history, and available personal information.
The data we gather encompasses interactions on third-party platforms and applications using our services, along with your synchronized Chrome browsing history associated with your Google Account.
To keep your browsing history separate from your account, you can choose to log out and adjust cookie-blocking settings in your browser.
The recorded data includes vital details like referring web pages, visited pages, and search terms, both submitted and unsubmitted.
Additionally, certain aspects of your browsing activities on third-party websites are also subject to collection.
When you engage with our platform, we collect relevant information about your browsing history and site interactions.
External sources provide us with data, including search results, links, and paid listings, which may include sponsored content.
A comprehensive summary of your interactions with businesses and organizations, such as app visits and website navigation, is available for your review under your activity.
Usage statistics generally exclude web page URLs and personally identifiable data. However, if you have enabled the Enhance searches and browsing / Send URLs of visited pages to Google feature, Chrome usage statistics may include details of visited web pages and usage patterns.
For specific domains or server IP addresses visited, we may also retain data on data transmission quantities.
The advertisements you encounter are influenced by accumulated insights, including demographic data, location data, search queries, interests, favorites, usage patterns, and feedback from our advertisers' and partners' sites and applications.
Such insights may encompass search queries, streaming history, created playlists, personal library content, and various aspects of browsing and network activity, including browsing history and search history.
We may acquire personal information from diverse third-party sources, including search data providers within or outside the European Union.
This may entail recording your IP address, visited pages, clicked links, requested URLs, and search phrases.
Our platform, along with our service providers and business associates, utilizes cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies) to automatically collect information, analyze user behavior, enhance user experiences, optimize platform functionality, deliver targeted ads, and measure advertising and content efficacy.
Web beacons, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, are tiny images or data embedded within images that enable cookie recognition, capture page view timestamps, describe page context, and collect comparable information from your device.
When you interact with our platform, specific data is automatically collected, including internet or network activity data, such as browsing history, search history, and viewed content within the platform.
Our log data encompasses website addresses and associated activities, including saved pages, searches, and navigational actions.
Your interactions across various sections of our services and the referring websites are logged, analyzed, and considered.
Cookies may transmit information about displayed ads, user interactions, and timestamps of usage.
Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the service, including data related to displayed or interacted-with advertisements, as well as the timestamp of your usage
By leveraging your preferences, historical search data, and other personal information, we provide targeted advertisements and promotional offers.
Our system utilizes data from search inquiries to enhance our spam detection mechanisms.
Personalized promotions and commercial offers are tailored based on your preferences, search logs, and available personal data.
The activity data we collect includes interactions on third-party platforms and applications using our services, along with your Chrome browsing history synced with your Google Account.
If you prefer to browse our websites without linking your browsing history to your account, you have the option to log out and employ cookie-blocking features in your browser settings.
The data recorded encompasses essential information like referring web pages, pages visited, and search terms, both submitted and non-submitted
Additionally, we collect certain information about your browsing activities on third-party websites.
When using our platform, we gather relevant information about your browsing history and interactions on the site.
Your entire range of interactions with businesses and organizations, such as app visits and website navigation, can be reviewed under your activity.
Usage statistics generally exclude web page URLs and personally identifiable data, but if you enable the Enhance searches and browsing / Send URLs of visited pages to Google feature, Chrome usage statistics may include details of visited web pages and usage patterns.
The advertisements you encounter are influenced by a wealth of accumulated information, including demographic data, location data, search queries, interests, favorites, usage data, and insights from our advertisers' and partners' sites and applications.
Such information may encompass search queries, streaming history, created playlists, personal library content, and various aspects of browsing and network activity, such as browsing history and search history.
We may obtain personal data from diverse third-party sources, both within and outside the European Union.
This could entail recording your IP address, visited pages, clicked links, requested URLs, and search terms.
Our platform, together with service providers and business partners, utilizes cookies and comparable technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies) to automatically collect information, analyze user behavior, enhance user experiences, improve platform functionality, deliver targeted ads, and measure advertising and content effectiveness.
When interacting with the platform, specific data is automatically collected, including internet or network activity data, such as browsing history, search history, and viewed content within the platform.
Our log data comprises website addresses and related activities, including saved pages, searches, and navigational actions.
This data includes the web page or search query preceding your visit to our platform, along with associated activities.
Your interactions across different sections of our services and the referring websites are logged, analyzed, and taken into consideration.
Our log data includes various details, such as referring web pages, visited pages, and search terms, both submitted and non-submitted.
In addition, certain information about your browsing activities on third-party sites is also collected
Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the service, including data related to displayed or interact
We collect information on your interactions with different pages on our Services and the websites that referred you to us.
This information includes the type of content or ads served, viewed, or clicked on; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you visited an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser's app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Certain internet and network activity on our Services, including our websites and apps, are collected, such as the URLs of any pages you visit on our sites and apps, and the URL of the website from which you came to our sites.
Cookies may transmit information about your use of the Service, including data related to displayed advertisements or interactions with them, as well as the date and time of your use.
We use your preferences, search record, and other personal data to tailor personalized ads and commercial offers
As you engage with the platform, certain information is collected, including internet or network activity details such as browsing and searchhistory within the platform, including viewed content.
In specific cases, we record data transmission volumes for domains or server IP addresses visited
The ads you encounter may be influenced by additional information accumulated over time, including demographic data, location data, search queries, interests, favorites, usage data, and insights gathered from our advertisers'
and right to publicly display, distribute, reproduce, modify, translate, edit, create derivative works and use the User Content throughout the world in any media solely as part of the features of the Service (including as an incidental part of advertising or marketing).
To distribute our ads or third-party ads with Personal Data such as the birthday, phone number and email address registered by users (including cases of distributing ads of our Services on services operated by third parties) as the key.</p> <p>
modify and otherwise use your User Content in connection with the operation of the Service or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed.
modify and otherwise use your User Content in connection with the operation of the Service or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof, in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed.
To use User Content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform
worldwide license to copy, distribute, modify, create derivative works based on, publicly perform, publicly display, and otherwise use the User Content
For certain content, this may include information based on the content of the image, video, and audio
the content of your photo or video (for example, if there’s a dog in your photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog
We may also collect images, audio, and video you submit or allow the Services to capture
('When you submit your photo to Twinning, you agree that your photo may be shared with Clarifai, and when you submit your photo to Aura by POPSUGAR, you agree that your photo may be shared with Microsoft, and that their respective uses of your photo are subject to their separate privacy policies.', array([0.72470048]))
For specific content types, the information could be derived from the audio, video, or image content itself.
If your photo depicts a dog, for instance, the term 'dog' might make it discoverable in the 'Memories' feature.
We gather the content you generate or release on our Platform. This includes photos, videos, sounds, live streams, comments, tags, feedback, reviews, and related metadata, such as creation time, place, and author.
We actively utilize image recognition techniques to identify visually related images, aiding in photo organization and improved image searching.
When you upload a geotagged photo or include geographical data with it, we record the photo's location information.
We capture content, including photos, videos, audio recordings, and associated data like when and where it was produced, when you use our Platform.
Access to images and sounds from your device, through the camera or microphone, is necessary for many of our service offerings.
Information derived from specific content may be based on its visual, auditory, or video elements.
Sharing your photo with Twinning implies consent for its distribution with Clarifai, while sharing with Aura by POPSUGAR signals agreement for its use by Microsoft, with each party having its privacy terms.
For certain content types, we may derive data from the intrinsic characteristics of the audio, image, or video.
When your image features particular elements, like a dog, it could be searchable by that term in our Memories section.
Providing or permitting our services to access videos, images, or audio recordings indicates consent for their collection.
Utilizing our services to submit a photo to specific partners like Twinning or Aura by POPSUGAR means you're agreeing to share with third parties like Clarifai and Microsoft, each governed by their privacy terms.
To provide our range of services, we often need to access and gather content from your device's camera and microphone.
We capture and process various content you craft or share on our platform, encompassing photos, recordings, comments, tags, and related metadata, such as the time and location of creation.
Our advanced image recognition processes help users in organizing and finding similar or relevant images with ease.
If a photo is uploaded with inherent or added geographic data, we log the respective location details.
Content created or disseminated via our platform, inclusive of media, comments, and relevant metadata, is gathered for processing.
Many functionalities we offer necessitate the collection of media from your device, including images and audio.
For specific media types, the intrinsic characteristics of the content guide the information we might gather.
Consenting to our services accessing or being provided with media indicates your approval for its collection.
Specific media types might have information extracted directly from the content they hold, be it visual, auditory, or video.
For instance, photos featuring a dog could be indexed under the term 'dog' in our 'Memories' collection.
We reserve the right to gather any visual or auditory content you submit, or which our Services can access.
By choosing to share your image with Twinning, you also consent to share it with Clarifai. Similarly, a submission to Aura by POPSUGAR implies sharing with Microsoft, each bound by distinct privacy terms.
Our array of services often requires pulling media content directly from your device's native camera and microphone.
All content you produce or share via our platform, inclusive of visuals, audio, comments, and associated details, is collected and processed.
Through advanced algorithms, we detect and categorize images, streamlining your organizational needs and enhancing search capabilities.
Photos carrying geographical tags or data are collected with their respective location details for enhanced contextual relevance.
Any media, comments, or associated data you produce or share on our platform is gathered for processing and enhancement.
A significant portion of our offerings necessitates accessing your device's camera and microphone to fetch media content.
The intrinsic details of specific media dictate the kind of information we may extract from them.
Your Reddit account has a profile page that is public.  Your profile contains information about your activities on the Services, such as your username, prior posts and comments, karma, awards received, trophies, moderator status, Reddit Premium status, and how long you have been a member of the Services
If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser
It’s your choice whether to include sensitive information on your profile and to make that sensitive information public.
Based on your privacy settings, your Profile Information and User Content may be visible to other users and the public
Be cautious when sharing information as anything you post can be freely accessed by others.
Your activity in public groups, including your posts and comments, can be seen by all users.
Your contributions to public discussions are open and visible to both members and non-members alike.
Please be aware that any content shared in open forums can be read, collected, and used by anyone.
We make certain data related to your Steam User Account available to other players and our partners through the Steamworks API
Public posts are not confidential, and anyone, including non-users, can see them.
We caution you to think carefully about the information you choose to post publicly.
After you delete Shared Information, it may still be separately cached, copied, or stored by, or remain public through, other users or third parties who are not affiliated with and not controlled by us
Be advised that both your profile and any content you post are viewable by other members and the general public.
All users and even non-members can see your profile details and the content you share when set to public.
Please be aware that your profile information and user-generated content are open for public and user viewing.
When your settings are public, both your user profile and the content you upload can be accessed by anyone.
Your profile and the materials you post are both transparent to our community and anyone browsing the internet.
By keeping your account public, you're allowing all users and external visitors to view your profile and shared content.
Bear in mind that the content you contribute and your profile details are on display for other users and potentially the wider public.
Both the details on your profile and any content you post are readily available for viewing by users and the general public alike.
With a public setting, both your profile information and all associated content are open for viewing by our user base and beyond.
Visibility extends to both your profile data and any user content you provide, making it accessible to fellow users and public browsers.
You have the autonomy to decide if personal details should be displayed on your public-facing profile.
Depending on the preferences you set, the data on your profile and any content you upload might be accessible to both registered users and general visitors.
Even after removal, your previously publicized content might still exist in caches, backups, or through shares by users and unrelated entities.
Your public posts are open for everyone on the internet to see.
Remember, the choice is yours when deciding to publicize personal or sensitive data on your profile.
Your privacy settings dictate how visible your profile details and shared materials are to our community and the wider internet.
Deleting information doesn't guarantee its complete removal; others might have saved, shared, or backed it up elsewhere.
Content shared in public forums becomes immediately available to a wide audience.
You hold the discretion to showcase or withhold personal data on your public profile, so choose wisely.
All posts, comments, likes, and shares are publicly visible by default.
User interactions, including but not limited to posts and comments, may be accessible to others.
Content you engage with can be viewed by other members and, in some cases, the wider public.
All user-generated content on this platform may be subject to public viewing.
Any content you share or engage with is potentially accessible to all platform users.
User activities, from posting to sharing, become part of the public domain on this platform.
Posts, comments, likes, and shares are considered public interactions and may be viewed by others.
All user engagement with ads will be visible and can be associated with the user's profile.
Engagements, including likes and shares, are available for public viewing and association.
Content interactions are public and can be accessed by both registered and unregistered users.
All user content and interactions are stored and may be publicly displayed.
Your profile activities, including reactions to content, are publicly accessible.
Interactions with public posts and ads are viewable by the wider community.
Comments, shares, and likes are public actions and are available for all to see.
User-generated content and interactions are part of the platform's public data.
Activities, including but not limited to likes and comments, are publicly indexed and accessible.
Your engagement with content and ads is viewable by other users and may be made public.
All user interactions form part of the public content of this platform.
Content you share, post, or engage with can be viewed by the broader user community.
User engagements with ads and posts are public and can be associated with user profiles.
Any content you interact with is subject to public viewing and association.
Posts, comments, and other interactions are publicly visible and part of the platform's content.
User activities, such as likes and shares, are public and can be viewed by others.
Content engagement, including reactions to ads, is accessible to the wider community.
Interactions on this platform, from comments to likes, are publicly indexed.
Your posts and interactions with content are viewable by all users of this platform.
Engagements with content, including but not limited to comments and shares, are public.
You understand and agree, however, that FanFiction.Net may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of User Submissions that have been removed or deleted.
After a Snap is deleted, we’ll mainly be able to see the basic details — like when it was sent and who it was sent to.
Deleting your Account may not fully remove the content you have published from our systems, as caching of, backups of, copies of, or references to your Account Information may not be immediately removed. In addition, given the nature of sharing on the Services, some of the public activity on your Account prior to deletion (such as reblogs of your blog posts) may remain stored on our servers and accessible to the public.
You may be able to add or update certain additional information via the Service. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. Please note that information may remain in our records after deletion of your account.
You understand and agree, however, that the Websites may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of your videos that have been removed or deleted.
<p>If you delete your User Generated Content (<b>“UGC”</b>), as defined in the Fiverr Terms of Service, from the Site, copies of your UGC may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Site users.
YouTube may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of your videos that have been removed or deleted.
In addition, content you delete may continue to appear if you have shared it with others and they have not deleted it.
Exceptions:</b> </p> <ul> <li>Deletion will not apply to historical activity logs or archives unless and until these logs and data naturally age-off the edX system.</li
<li>Content you delete may persist for a limited period of time in backup copies and will still be visible where others have shared it.
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information about you that we have collected from you.</li> </ul> <p>For requests made in connection with the Right of Access, Right to Know, and/or Right of Deletion, please note:</p> <ul> <li>as required under applicable law, we must take steps to verify your request before we can provide personal information to you, delete personal information, or otherwise process your request.&nbsp. To verify your request, you must provide your name, email address, and state of residence, and you may also have the option to provide you phone number.&nbsp. If we believe we need further information to verify your request as required by law, we may ask you to provide additional information to us.</li> <li>we will process your request within 45 days after receipt of a verifiable request, unless<br> we notify you that we require additional time to respond, in which case we will respond within such additional period of time required by law.
You agree that any information you enter upon registration or discussion is stored in a database
Following termination or deactivation of your account, or if you remove any User Content from Dbots, we may retain your User Content for a commercially reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes.
Please note that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of Your information from Our databases and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons.
However, it is important to note that your deleted posts or contents may remain in storage in our systems for a limited period of time for legal, business, safety, or system backup reasons,
<p>We will make good-faith efforts to make such requested changes in our then-active and relevant consumer databases as soon as practicable, but it is not always possible to immediately completely change, remove or delete all your information or public postings from our databases and residual and/or cached data may remain archived thereafter. Further, we reserve the right to retain your Personal Data (a) as permitted by applicable law. (b) as required by applicable law.
you understand and agree that it may not be possible to completely delete that content from SoloLearn’s records,
This service holds onto content that you've deleted
Following termination of your account, or if you remove any User-Generated Content from the Services, we may retain your User-Generated Content for a commercially reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. Further, MyFitnessPal and its users may retain and continue to use, store, display, reproduce, share, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute any of your User-Generated Content that otherwise has been stored or shared through the Services.
When you delete your account, your profile is no longer visible to other users and disassociated from content you posted under that account. Please note, however, that the comments, and messages you submitted prior to deleting your account will still be visible to others unless you first delete the specific content. We may also retain certain information about you as required by law or for legitimate business purposes after you delete your account.</li>          CHANGES REQUESTED      SecretOperations Prisma Media   Après la résiliation ou la désactivation d’un Compte Personnel PRISMA CONNECT tel que prévu ci-dessus, ou après demande de retrait d’une Contribution, LE GROUPE PRISMA MEDIA se réserve la faculté de conserver ladite Contribution pour une période commercialement raisonnable afin de la sauvegarder, l’archiver ou la vérifier.</p> <p>L’archivage de ces données est effectué sur un support fiable et durable de manière à correspondre à une copie fidèle et durable, conformément à l’article 1379 du Code civil.</p>
Deleting an account terminates these Agreements, but grants us an indefinite license for content you collaborated to the service (e.g. event pages). This ensures that we can continue to provide this content beyond the termination of the Agreements.
The license period begins when you submit the video to Vimeo and ends when you or Vimeo delete it;&nbsp;<em>provided</em>&nbsp;that Vimeo may retain archival copies: (a) for a limited period of time in case you wish to restore it. (b) when the video is the subject of a takedown notice or other legal claim. or (c) when Vimeo in good faith believes that it is legally obligated to do so.</p>
<p>Following termination or deactivation of your account, or if you remove any User Content from Pinterest, we may keep your User Content for a reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes. Pinterest and its users may retain and continue to use, store, display, reproduce, re-pin, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute any of your User Content that other users have stored or shared on Pinterest.
<b>Information you contribute to blogs, forums, and related discussion areas – along with your profile information – will be may be read, collected, and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites.&nbsp. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you input into these Services.</b>
If you update your public information on Twitter, such as by deleting a Tweet or deactivating your account, we will reflect your updated content on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android.</p> <p>By publicly posting content when you Tweet, you are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible, including through our APIs, and directing those accessing the information through our APIs to do the same.
<p>If you remove from our services any content that’s covered by this license, then our systems will stop making that content publicly available in a reasonable amount of time. There are two exceptions:</p> <ul> <li>If you already shared your content with others before removing it. For example, if you shared a photo with a friend who then made a copy of it, or shared it again, then that photo may continue to appear in your friend’s Google Account even after you remove it from your Google Account.</li> <li>If you make your content available through other companies’ services, it’s possible that search engines, including Google Search, will continue to find and display your content as part of their search results.
On termination of your Account, or upon your deletion of particular pieces of Subscriber Content from the Services, Podyssey shall make reasonable efforts to make such Subscriber Content inaccessible. however, you acknowledge and agree that removed Subscriber Content may persist in caches or backups for a reasonable period of time.
After discontinuing your user profile, our system might hold onto your posted data for a predetermined duration for safety and backup measures.
Although you might choose to erase your data, some fragments might persist in our storage for archival objectives.
Despite removing your shared content, there may be traces of your uploads retained in our system backups.
We emphasize that erasing your user information doesn't guarantee the immediate and complete removal from our systems due to technical constraints.
Upon profile deactivation, while we aim to remove all your contributions, some might persist due to system backups or legal necessities.
The personal data we collect may come directly from you or we may obtain it from other sources, such as our service providers and resellers.
We collect information from other companies with whom you have a relationship (“Partners”). These Partners might include (depending on what services you use): your TV or internet service provider, or other streaming media device providers who make our service available on their device.
We work closely with third parties including, for example, our fraud prevention providers and email address / telephone number verification service providers. We may receive information about you from these third parties to verify information you provide to us which helps us to identify suspicious or unusual transactions.
Bitdefender may use other IT companies to process the collected personal data.
As part of our advertising and partnerships</u>, we work closely with third parties (for example, business partners, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.</p> <p>
GitHub may also collect User Personal Information from third parties.
<p>We use information you provide to us and data we receive, including Log Data and data from third parties, to make inferences like what topics you may be interested in, how old you are, and what languages you speak.
We may also, from time to time, receive data from third parties including analytics providers or advertising networks such as Google, Facebook, or Apple.
<strong>Marketing information</strong>: some partners may provide additional (aggregated) information, for instance through their Software Developer Kits (SDKs). This may contain demographic or behavioural information in order for us to personalize content, advertisements and offers and to find the right audience for our advertisements
We receive most of your personal data directly from you, but it may happen that we receive additional information about your preferences and browsing behavior from partners such as Google.
<li>Information about you from third-party service providers, such as advertising partners and data analytics providers;</li>
Verizon Media may receive location data from third parties that you have linked your account with.
RoboForm Web Site utilizes Google Analytics features, including Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting and Customer consents to this.
including adding and combining information we obtain from third parties and matching your interests across devices, which may be used for third-party marketing and advertising on the Services, television, third party services and platforms, mobile apps and/or websites, connected devices and offline</li>
Huawei will collect information about you from public and commercial sources.
Data collected via third parties including your friends' information from Facebook.
We Collect</b> </p> <p>We collect information directly from individuals, from third-parties, and automatically through the Quora Platform.
Social media platforms and third-party apps may give us information about you.
3.2 In addition, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as <strong>Google</strong>), using third-party cookies that enable Google to analyze the use of the Website.
Every time Yr gets weather data for your location, a third party (Akamai) will save this information and your IP-adress for 30 days
1.3 Information We Collect from Third Parties. <p>We may collect information, including personal information that others provide about you when they use the Website, or obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the Website.
We may also combine information you provide with Personal Data we collect automatically (as further described in Part I, Section B below) and with Data we receive from third-parties.
The information we receive from these third-party providers is de-identified, meaning we cannot track it back to you.
We may collect information about you from other users, our affiliates, and third parties. Here are a few examples:</p> <ul> <li>If you link your Snapchat account to another service (like Bitmoji or a third-party app), we may receive information from the other service, like how you use that service.</li> <li>Advertisers, app developers, publishers, and other third parties may share information with us as well
Apple Receives from Other Sources <p>Apple may receive personal data about you from other <strong>individuals</strong>, from businesses or third parties acting <strong>at your direction</strong>, from our <strong>partners</strong> who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other<strong> </strong>lawful sources.</p> <ul>
Other information we collect from different sources, including affiliated entities, business partners, and other independent third-party sources.
We may obtain or receive personal data about you from the following parties<b>, </b>
</ul> Information We Collect from Other Sources <p>We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
We may also collect information about you from other sources, including service providers (e.g., data licensors, research and analytics companies, and payment processors), public databases, our marketing partners, and advertisers.
We also receive information about your online and offline actions and purchases from third-party data providers who have the rights to provide us with your information.
Our advertising partners may also give us information about your off-Pinterest activity to give you better personalized ads.
We also obtain data about you from third parties.
Information from Other Sources <p>Examples of information we receive from other sources include:</p> <ul> <li>marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
We also may link your subscriber information with data we receive from our partners and other third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with a better experience.
<u>Information Collected from Other Sources</u> <br>We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other users and third parties, and combine that information with the other information we have about you.
We may obtain additional information from third parties and sources other than the Twitch Services. For example, we may obtain additional information from advertisers, games or services you use, or social media networks (such as Facebook) for which you have approved our access.
<br> - Information we obtain from a third party, such as a site or platform provider, about use of our applications on third-party platforms or devices;<br>
We also obtain your information indirectly from our Business Partners and third-party sources.
In the course of providing such services to us, these companies may obtain information about you, including personal information, and that information will be shared with us.
</p> <p>We might collect information about you through adverts placed in third-party platforms such as LinkedIn, Twitter or Google.
We also collect information from third party vendors and/or other commercially available sources.
We also receive personal data shared from other companies that provide identity enrichment.
We obtain information about you from other third party sources to update or supplement the Personal Information we’ve collected from you. For example, we obtain address information about you from third party sources, such as the US Postal Service, to verify your address so we can properly ship your order to you and to prevent fraud.</p>
We may obtain additional information about you from third party sources to assist us in providing the Services.
We collect information in multiple ways, including when you provide information directly to us. when we passively collect information from you, such as from your browser or device. and from third parties.
We also acquire personal information from trusted third-party sources and engage third parties to collect personal information on our behalf.
<li>Information we obtain from a third party, such as a site or platform provider, about use of our applications on third-party platforms or devices;</li>
We occasionally collect data about you from financial entities to perform verification services and from commercial sources.
For example, by using Facebook Connect, you are allowing Rumble to access the Personal Information in your Facebook account pursuant to the Facebook Terms of Use regarding your use of the Service via Facebook.
<strong>Information we receive from other sources</strong> </p> <p>We receive information about you from other users, from third-party services, from our related companies, and from our business and channel partners.
We also obtain data from third parties.
We may also receive information about you from third parties. For example, we may supplement the data we collect with demographic information licensed from third parties in order to personalize the Services and our offers to you.
If you access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in (e.g., through a social network), you may allow us to have access to and store certain information in your social network profile.
Personal Data we collect from other sources</b> </p> <p>We also collect information about you from other sources including third parties from whom we purchase Personal Data and from publicly available information.
We also supplement or combine Information with Information from a variety of other sources or outside records, including third-party data providers that provide us with Information such as demographics, transaction and purchase history.
We may also collect information you have authorized the third-party service to share with us (such as, for example, your user ID, billing information, public profile information, email address, birthday, and profile data).</p>
By accepting the terms of this Agreement, you are providing us with authorization to retrieve information about you by using third parties, including credit bureaus and other information providers.
For example, we may combine personal information we collect from you with information from other BYUtv services or third parties to enhance your user experience by customizing content for you.
In particular, we receive data from unaffiliated apps and websites, online advertising services, and our partners, which we may use to send you advertisements that are tailored to your interests. The data collected for this purpose includes data about how you interact with the Consumer Services or with unaffiliated websites and apps, device data, and data from cookies, pixels or other similar technologies.</p> <p>We combine the data described above with demographic data, location and other interest-based segment data obtained from third parties, including data obtained from the Enterprise Services to provide our Products.</p>
<p>In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.
We may also collect information about you from trusted partners
We may also share or sell your personal data, such as device IDs, with third party advertisers to help them determine whether they should serve an ad to you.
Moreover, we rent, sell, share, and transfer Personal Information to (i) list buyers who market their goods and services (commonly known as list rental). (ii) our advertising, marketing and sponsorship clients to market their goods and services. (iii) data coops, which are pooled databases containing the customer information of multiple publishers to enable the marketing use of such customer information by participating publishers. (iv) consumer data suppliers/resellers, data enrichment providers and aggregators, and other entities in the online behavioral advertising ecosystem for purposes of OBA (as described in Section VII below), data optimization, lead generation and other data driven projects. (v) social media and social networking services. and (vi) companies that help us with our Products and Product recommendations.
We sell or share your device, internet and network activity information, and online identifiers (IP address, cookie IDs, Device IDs) with third parties for targeted advertisements on and off the Site.</strong>
We may also share or sell your data with certain third parties to aid us in operating the iFunny website or mobile applications.
Moreover, we rent, sell, share, and transfer Personal Information to (i) list buyers who market their goods and services (commonly known as list rental). (ii) our advertising, marketing and sponsorship clients to market their goods and services.
We may also sell or transfer Online Data to certain third parties such as advertisers who will use this data to serve ads that they believe are relevant to your interests
We reserve the right to engage in data monetization activities by selling your personal information, including demographic data and browsing history, to trusted third-party partners.
We may participate in commercial data exchange programs, where your information is exchanged or sold to other businesses in exchange for similar datasets that can enhance our services.
In the course of our operations, we may act as a data broker, selling your data to third-party brokers, advertisers, and marketers to facilitate data-driven campaigns.
To enhance our marketing efforts, we may collaborate with third-party marketing agencies, allowing them access to your personal data for targeted advertising and promotional activities.
As part of our data brokerage activities, we may sell your data to third-party brokers who, in turn, make it available to advertisers and marketers.
We reserve the right to monetize your data through its sale to third parties, which may include demographic information, location data, and online behavior.
We collaborate with third-party marketing agencies and may sell your data to support their targeted advertising and promotional campaigns.
Your data, anonymized and aggregated to protect your privacy, may be sold to our trusted partners for strategic purposes, including market analysis and advertising optimization.
We may sell your data to our affiliates and their trusted partners, enabling them to use it for cross-promotional activities and marketing initiatives.
Your data may be offered for sale in data marketplaces, where businesses can purchase it to improve their products and services.
We partner with ad networks, and as part of these partnerships, your data may be sold to these networks, which can use it to serve targeted ads on various platforms.
We retain the option to monetize your data through the sale of your personal information, which may encompass demographic data, browsing history, and user preferences, to trusted third-party collaborators.
Additionally, we might partake in data monetization efforts, selling your information to established third-party partners who can leverage it for their marketing and analytical initiatives.
As part of our data brokerage operations, we may actively engage in the sale of your data to third-party brokers, advertisers, and marketers, thereby supporting data-driven campaigns.
In our commitment to bolstering our marketing strategies, we maintain the capability to collaborate with third-party marketing agencies, granting them access to your personal data for precise targeting and promotional endeavors through compensation-based data sales.
Our role in data brokerage may include the sale of your data to third-party brokers, who subsequently make it accessible to advertisers and marketers, broadening the scope of data utilization.
We uphold the prerogative to monetize your data by selling it to third parties, potentially including demographic insights, location data, and comprehensive online behavioral profiles.
Collaboration with third-party marketing agencies may involve the sale of your data, with the proceeds directed towards supporting their highly effective targeted advertising and promotional campaigns.
Your data, meticulously anonymized and aggregated to safeguard your privacy, may be made available for sale to our trusted partners, who can employ it for comprehensive market analysis and precision advertising strategies.
We may choose to sell your data to our affiliates and their network of trusted partners, empowering them to deploy it for cross-promotional activities and expansive marketing initiatives.
As part of our data sharing ecosystem, your data may be offered for sale within data marketplaces, allowing businesses to purchase it and leverage the valuable insights to enhance their products and services
We reserve the right to collaborate with trusted third-party partners and data brokers, allowing them access to your personal information for targeted advertising, all of which may involve the sale of your data.
In the course of our operations, we may act as a data broker, engaging in data monetization activities by selling your personal information, including demographic data, browsing history, and location data, to third-party brokers, advertisers, and marketers to facilitate data-driven campaigns.
As part of our data brokerage activities, we uphold the prerogative to monetize your data through the sale of your information to third-party collaborators, potentially including demographic insights, location data, and comprehensive online behavioral profiles.
We may choose to sell your data to trusted third-party partners and affiliates for cross-promotional activities, marketing initiatives, and strategic purposes such as market analysis and advertising optimization.
Additionally, we might partake in data monetization efforts, selling your data to established third-party partners, affiliates, and marketing agencies who can leverage it for their marketing, analytical, and promotional initiatives.
Your data, anonymized and aggregated to safeguard your privacy, may be made available for sale in data marketplaces, allowing businesses to purchase it and utilize the valuable insights to enhance their products and services.
We collaborate with third-party marketing agencies and ad networks, and as part of these partnerships, your data may be sold to these networks, which can use it to serve targeted advertisements on various platforms.
Our commitment to bolstering our marketing strategies may involve the sale of your data to third-party marketing agencies, brokers, and collaborators, granting them access to your personal information for precise targeting and promotional endeavors.
We retain the option to monetize your data through the sale of your personal information, including but not limited to demographic data, browsing history, and user preferences, to a wide range of trusted third-party collaborators, depending on the strategic needs of our business.
Our role in data brokerage includes collaborating with trusted third-party marketing agencies, brokers, and data exchange programs. These collaborations may involve the sale of your data, allowing us to facilitate targeted advertising, data-driven campaigns, and enhanced services through strategic data transactions.
We may sell your personal data, including demographics and browsing history, to trusted third-party partners for mutual benefit.
We engage in data exchange programs, occasionally selling your information to other businesses in return for valuable datasets to enhance our services.
As a data broker, we may sell your data to third-party brokers, advertisers, and marketers to support data-driven campaigns.
We collaborate with third-party marketing agencies, allowing them access to your data for precise targeted advertising.
Your data, anonymized and aggregated for privacy, may be sold to trusted partners for market analysis and advertising optimization.
We may engage in data monetization, potentially involving the sale of your data to entities interested in enhancing their market strategies.
To optimize our operations, your data could be made available to third-party purchasers who align with our data-sharing practices.
We value your data and may sell it to third parties only for purposes that align with our commitment to user privacy.
Your data may be included in data brokerage activities, potentially leading to its sale to third-party brokers.
We may enter into data sale agreements with third-party partners to support our business goals.
Your data could be sold to affiliates and their trusted partners to facilitate cross-promotional activities.
To maintain and enhance our services, we may sell your data to trusted third-party entities.
We reserve the option to engage in data monetization, which may include the sale of your data to reputable third-party collaborators.
Collaboration with third-party marketing agencies may involve the sale of your data for precise advertising purposes.
Your data may be sold within legitimate data marketplaces, complying with data protection regulations.
We may share or sell your data to support strategic initiatives of third-party marketing agencies.
In accordance with applicable laws, we may engage in data monetization, including the sale of user data.
Collaboration with data intermediaries may involve the sale of your data to promote responsible data utilization.
Your data's privacy remains a priority as we engage in data monetization activities, possibly involving its sale to trusted third-party entities.
We may facilitate the lawful sale of your data to authorized third parties to enhance their products and services.
Your data may be listed for sale within approved data marketplaces, where it can be procured by businesses for aluable insights.
We may share or sell your data with select partners to support our ongoing operations and service enhancements.
Your data may be shared with third parties for consideration, enabling them to refine their products and offerings.
In certain instances, we retain the right to exchange your data with external organizations, potentially involving financial transactions.
Your data might be utilized for financial purposes through collaborations with reputable third-party data purchasers.
We may engage in data monetization efforts, potentially involving the sale of user data to parties interested in data-driven insights.
To optimize our services, your data could be made accessible to third-party buyers aligning with our data-sharing policies.
We highly value the privacy of your data and may sell it to third parties only for purposes that align with our commitment to user protection.
Your data may be considered for inclusion in data brokerage activities, which could include its sale to trusted third-party brokers.
We reserve the option to enter into data sale agreements with third-party partners, thereby facilitating mutual business objectives.
To support our mission and growth, your data may be sold to affiliates and their trusted partners for cross-promotional initiatives.
We may share or sell your data with trustworthy third-party entities to augment our core business functions.
Your data could be sold as part of data monetization initiatives, which may encompass its sale to reputable third-party collaborators.
Collaboration with third-party marketing agencies may entail the sale of your data for precise advertising and marketing purposes.
Your data may be sold within established data marketplaces, in full compliance with relevant data protection regulations.
We may facilitate the sale of your data to third-party marketing agencies to support their strategic initiatives.
In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we may engage in data monetization activities, which may include the sale of user data.
Collaboration with data intermediaries may involve the sale of your data to promote responsible and ethical data usage.
Your data's privacy remains a top priority as we engage in data monetization activities, which may involve its sale to reputable third-party entities.
We may participate in data monetization initiatives, facilitating the lawful sale of your data to authorized third parties for the enhancement of their products and services.
Your data may be listed for sale within approved data marketplaces, where it can be acquired by businesses seeking valuable insights.
As part of our data sharing practices, we may engage in the sale of user data to sustain and enhance our services.
Your data may be made available to third parties, including advertisers, through monetization initiatives in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
We reserve the right to sell your data to trusted third-party partners who adhere to strict data privacy standards.
To support our business operations, we may share or sell your data to reputable entities interested in utilizing it responsibly.
Your data may be disclosed to third parties, subject to appropriate safeguards and legal frameworks, for mutual benefit.
We may engage in data monetization efforts that include the sale of your data to legitimate third-party collaborators.
Collaboration with third-party marketing agencies may necessitate the sale of your data, underpinned by compliance with data protection regulations.
Your data may be offered for sale within authorized data marketplaces, adhering to stringent data privacy standards.
We remain committed to protecting your data while engaging in data monetization activities that may involve its sale to authorized third-party entities.
To support responsible data sharing, we may sell your data to accredited third parties, aligning with applicable data privacy regulations.
Your data may be sold to third-party partners to facilitate cross-promotion and the improvement of their products and services.
We may share your data with reputable third parties, following rigorous data protection measures, for purposes that align with our services.
In certain cases, we may engage in data monetization, including the sale of your data, with a focus on legal compliance.
Collaboration with data intermediaries may entail the sale of your data to uphold data privacy and legal obligations.
Your data's privacy remains paramount as we engage in data monetization activities, potentially involving its sale to trusted third-party entities.
We may participate in data monetization initiatives, ensuring the lawful sale of your data to authorized third parties for business improvement.
Your data may be listed for sale within reputable data marketplaces, adhering to strict data protection and privacy standards.
Your data may be shared with authorized third parties, including advertisers, through monetization efforts that comply with data protection laws.
We reserve the right to sell your data to reputable third-party partners who uphold stringent data privacy standards.
To support our business operations, we may share or sell your data to trusted entities interested in utilizing it responsibly.
In certain circumstances, we may share your information with select third-party partners, including the potential sale of data, to support our ongoing operations and enhance our services.
We adhere to strict data protection measures and may, within the limits of applicable laws, engage in data monetization activities, which may include selling your data to reputable third-party entities.
To improve our services and enable data-driven decision-making, we may collaborate with trusted external organizations, which could involve the sharing or sale of user data.
We prioritize user privacy and compliance with data protection laws. In line with this commitment, we may exchange your data with authorized third parties, possibly including data monetization efforts.
For strategic purposes and under the umbrella of responsible data stewardship, your data may be offered for sale to our trusted partners, enabling market analysis and advertising optimization.
We value your trust and are dedicated to ethical data practices. This may encompass the sale of data to carefully selected third-party partners who align with our principles and legal compliance.
While safeguarding data security and privacy, we may, within the bounds of data protection regulations, engage in data monetization efforts, including selling data to support our services.
Data privacy remains paramount to us. We may, in accordance with applicable laws, sell data to third-party collaborators who share our commitment to ethical data usage.
In our commitment to responsible data management, we may collaborate with reputable third-party organizations, possibly involving the sale of data to enhance our services and meet user needs.
To improve our services and stay aligned with industry standards, we may, under specific circumstances and within legal parameters, engage in data monetization activities, which might include the sale of data.
Our data sharing practices prioritize user privacy and are executed with utmost care. We may engage in data monetization, including selling data, within the confines of data protection regulations.
Data security and legal compliance are non-negotiable for us. We may share your data with carefully vetted third-party partners, possibly including data monetization for mutual benefit.
We engage in data monetization initiatives to enhance our offerings. Your data may be sold to accredited third-party entities that align with our ethical principles and legal compliance.
As part of our commitment to data ethics, we may engage in data monetization activities, including the sale of data, which is always conducted in strict accordance with data privacy standards.
Your trust in our data practices is essential. We may sell data to third-party collaborators who adhere to our ethical principles and legal compliance, promoting responsible data management.
Our data management practices meet industry standards. We may, under specific conditions and within the boundaries of data protection regulations, engage in data monetization efforts, potentially including the sale of data.
We understand the importance of data privacy and security. In support of these principles, we may participate in data monetization, possibly involving the sale of data to enhance our services.
We believe in transparent and ethical data practices. We may share or sell data to carefully vetted third-party partners, always within the framework of data protection laws and responsible data usage.
In our ongoing pursuit of service optimization, we may, under specific circumstances and in full adherence to data protection regulations, participate in data monetization activities, including the sale of data to reputable third-party entities.
Data privacy and security are at the core of our values. We may sell data to third-party collaborators who align with our ethical principles and legal compliance, fostering responsible data stewardship.
To support our strategic goals and continuously improve our services, we may engage in data monetization efforts, which may involve the sharing or sale of data to trusted third-party partners.
We prioritize data privacy and adhere to data protection laws. This may encompass data monetization, including selling data to reputable third-party entities, to enhance our offerings.
In alignment with our commitment to ethical data practices, we may engage in data monetization activities, such as selling data, always within the parameters of data privacy regulations.
Your data's privacy and security remain our utmost concern. We may sell data to accredited third-party entities that share our commitment to ethical data usage and legal compliance.
We engage in data monetization initiatives to enhance our services. Your data may be sold to reputable third-party entities that align with our ethical principles and legal compliance.
FanFiction.Net reserves the right to remove Content and User Submissions without prior notice.
However, edX reserves the right to review User Postings and to exercise its sole discretion to edit or remove, in whole or in part, any User Posting at any time and for any reason, or to allow the edX Participants to do so.
<li>Shopify does not pre-screen Materials and it is in our sole discretion to refuse or remove any Materials from the Service, including your Store.</li>
CNN reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove or edit User Content by you
This Website reserves the right to remove Content without prior notice.
We also reserve the right to reject, refuse to post, or remove any posting (including private messages) by you
We have the right (though not the obligation) to, in our sole discretion, (i) refuse or remove any Content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any of our policy or procedure or is in any way harmful or objectionable
IMDb has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to edit, refuse to post, or remove any User-Generated Content posted on the Service that we deem objectionable or think&nbsp;&nbsp. violates these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms, or the spirit of these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms, in our sole discretion and determination.
STiBaRC (the organization), moderators, and the owner (Joshua Herron, aka herronjo), collectively referred to as <i>they</i>, reserve the right to remove or modify posts or content as needed, whether or not they violate any of the content policies defined above.
We reserve the right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if someone alleges you contributed that Content in violation of these Terms), in our sole discretion, and without notice.
Tapas Media reserves the right to remove Content without prior notice.</p>
Fur Affinity reserves the right to enforce these terms via content removal (submissions, journals, comments, etc)
restrict access to or delete Virtual Currency or anything acquired by means of Virtual Currency. These actions may result in loss of real money paid in prohibited transactions, such as Account trading
and remove and discard all or any part of your account, User profile, and User Content, at any time.
Cengage reserves the right (but has no obligation) to pre-screen, review, flag, filter, modify, refuse, or remove Content from the Services.
Removal</em>: Creative Commons may, but is not obligated to, review Your Content and may delete or remove Your Content (without notice) from any of the Services in its sole discretion
Company reserves the right to (i) remove, edit or modify any Content in its sole discretion, including without limitation any User Submissions, from the Site or Service at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if Company is concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Use), or for no reason at all
We reserve the right (without obligation) at our sole discretion and without giving you notice, to remove or edit, limit or block access to any content that you upload or submit to Photofeeler without any incurring liability to you.
Slashdot Media reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to refuse or delete any Content at any time.
DL can request that you delete, or DL may delete, any user content at any time for any reason, or no reason whatsoever.
we may, in our sole discretion, delete or remove Your Content at any time and for any reason
You understand and agree that others may, but are not obligated to, edit, delete or remove (without notice) any content from the Services, for any reason or no reason
BRAINLY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODERATE THE BRAINLY SERVICES AND TO REMOVE, SCREEN, OR EDIT YOUR CONTENT FROM THE BRAINLY SERVICES AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION, AT ANY TIME, AND FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, WITH NO NOTICE TO YOU
Waze does not normally utilize its right to monitor Content and does so only in rare cases.</p> <p>Waze retains sole discretion in determining which Content will be published, the duration of its publication, its location, how and when it appears on the Service, its design and any other matter pertaining to the publication of Content within the Service.
remove and discard any Content within the Service, for any reason or no reason at all, including, without limitation, if OLX believes that you have violated these Terms.
The Company reserves the right to remove and permanently delete Your Content from the Service with or without notice for any reason or no reason.
You further agree that Cocoon has the right at any time in its sole discretion to cancel and remove Cocoon Rewards if your account is found in violation of any of the terms held therein or for any reason at all in Cocoon’s sole discretion
SparkNotes reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post or remove any posting or other User Created Content (including private messages) by you, or to deny, restrict, suspend, or terminate access to all or any part of the Interactive Community services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice or explanation, and without liability.</p> <p>
You agree that we reserve the right to remove, reclaim, or rename any account for any reason.
ControlC may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice.
Brilliant reserves the right to, in its sole discretion, remove any User Submission(s) at any time (with or without notice).
Pixel8Earth may remove any User Submission at any time for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such User Submission), or for no reason at all.
We may also remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any Content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any Content to be objectionable or in violation of these Terms.
Comcast further reserves the right to delete or remove any content from the forums or blogs without prior notice or liability.
you further agree that Kongregate and its designees will have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse, edit, move, or remove any UGC that is available via the Platform.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor User Material and to restrict or remove User Material that we determine, in our sole discretion, is inappropriate or for any other business reason, as permitted by law.
We reserve the right to remove or modify User Content, or change the way it’s used in Pinterest, for any reason. This includes User Content that we believe violates these Terms, our Community Guidelines, or any other policies.
<p>We have the right to:</p> <ul> <li>remove any UGC you provide or contribute to Likee Services for any or no reason in our sole discretion;</li>
We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit or modify any Content in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Service), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove or block any Content from the Website.
We have no obligation to post Member Content from you or anyone else and we may, in our sole discretion, edit, remove or delete any Member Content without notice.
We reserve the right to prohibit or remove, without prior notice, any content that, in our sole judgment and discretion, interferes with that goal.</p>
The company reserves the right to change, redact, and delete content on the website for any reason.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have sole discretion to remove any Member Content that violates this Agreement or that is otherwise objectionable in our sole discretion.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Twitch reserves the right to remove, screen, or edit any User Content posted or stored on the Twitch Services at any time and without notice, including where such User Content violates these Terms of Service or applicable law, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any User Content you post or store on the Twitch Services at your sole cost and expense. Any use of the Twitch Services in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms of Service and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Twitch Services.</p>
<p>The Company reserves the right, but not the obligation, to, in its sole discretion, determine whether or not any Content is appropriate and complies with this Terms, refuse or remove this Content.
We may review your conduct and content for compliance with these AUP Guidelines and remove content from the Service at any time and without notice. With that said, we have no obligation to do so.
Vidble reserves the right to remove or replace any uploaded files, and assumes no liability for lost registration links or misplaced file URLs.
<p>Merriam-Webster does not have any obligation to monitor, edit or delete UGC, but may do so in its sole discretion.
We may monitor, screen, post, remove, modify, store and review User Generated Content or communications sent through a Disney Product, at any time and for any reason, including to ensure that the User Generated Content or communication conforms to this Agreement, without prior notice to you.
The Postal Service reserves the right to remove or edit any messages or material submitted by users.</p>
NBCUniversal may, in its sole discretion, terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the online services, or remove and discard any User Content or information stored, sent, or received via the online services without prior notice and for any reason or no reason
However, Microsoft reserves the right to review materials posted to the Communication Services and to remove any materials in its sole discretion.
You acknowledge that Goodreads has the perpetual and irrevocable right to delete any or all of your content and data from Goodreads's servers and from the Service, whether intentionally or unintentionally, and for any reason or no reason, without any liability of any kind to you or any other party. <
AnonFiles administrators has the right to remove and/or permanently ban file content they find inappropriate.
Softpedia.com may suspend or terminate your Membership at any time, without warning, or may limit your access to the Website content, or to a part of it.
Uber may immediately terminate these Terms or any Services with respect to you, or generally cease offering or deny access to the Services or any portion thereof, at any time for any reason.</p>
Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract. or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time.
We can suspend or terminate your Envato Market account at any time for any reason
The Company may cancel a Member’s accumulated Points, suspend Loyalty Program benefits, suspend Elite Membership Status, suspend Lifetime Elite Membership Status, or cancel a Member’s Account at any time with immediate effect and without written notice, for any reason and in the Company's sole discretion.
Mycroft may change, suspend, or discontinue the Site, the Services, or any part of the Site or the Services at any time, with or without notice to you
We may modify, suspend, or terminate your access to or use of our Services anytime for any reason, such as if you violate the letter or spirit of our Terms or create harm, risk, or possible legal exposure for Signal.
We may cancel or terminate your right to use the Website or any part of the Website at any time without notice. In the event of cancellation or termination, you are no longer authorized to access the part of the Website affected by such cancellation or termination.
We canrestrict, suspend, or terminate your access to the Website at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability.</p>
Because the Game and Services are evolving over time, we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Game and/or Services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion.', array([0.78240538]))
('We retain the right to terminate your participation in the Program at any time in our sole discretion, including for your violations of these Rules, the Program guidelines, or our Terms of Service or Code of Conduct.
'We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove, disable or suspend your or any user’s access to any Content or the Services, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any Content or activity when using the Services to be objectionable or in violation of these Terms
We may terminate your access to and use of the Game or Services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you.', arra
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Terms of Use, we reserve the right to deny permission to link to the Website for any reason in our sole and absolute discretion
Last.fm reserves the right to restrict, suspend, deny or terminate access to all or part of the Website or any Service and to deny access to any person in its sole discretion without notice or liability of any kind
We may terminate your access to and use of the Game or Services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you.', array
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove, disable or suspend your or any user’s access to any Content or the Services, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any Content or activity when using the Services to be objectionable or in violation of these Terms.
SmugMug reserves the right to terminate your account and/or refuse access to the Services to anyone at any time, with or without cause at its sole discretion.
BLP reserves the right to terminate your account, in its sole discretion, at any time without notice
Periscope reserves the right to terminate Company users’ access to any or all the Services at any time, without notice, for any reason whatsoever
We retain the right to terminate your participation in the Program at any time in our sole discretion, including for your violations of these Rules, the Program guidelines, or our Terms of Service or Code of Conduct
We also reserve the right to terminate any user's right to access the Site or Services at any time, in our discretion.
Terminate a user's access to any or all interactive areas of the Site (or otherwise revoke a user’s privilege to submit content) for any reason, without prior notice.<br>
iFunny may terminate a User's access to the Services at any time, for any reason.
We may terminate your access to and use of the Services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you.
CCP reserves the right to close, temporarily or permanently, any user’s account without advance notice as we deem necessary.
We reserve the right to restrict, suspend, terminate or refuse your access to or use of the Site, in whole or in part, without notice, in our sole discretion.
Tinder reserves the right to investigate and/ or terminate your account without a refund of any purchases if you have violated this Agreement, misused the Service or behaved in a way that Tinder regards as inappropriate or unlawful, including actions or communications that occur on or off the Service.
You agree that DeviantArt may at any time, and without notice, suspend or terminate any part of the Service, or refuse to fulfill any order, or any part of any order or terminate your membership
We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time and for any reason we deem appropriate.
Khan Academy, in its sole discretion, for any or no reason, and without penalty, may suspend or terminate any account (or any part thereof) you may have with Khan Academy or your use of the Services
The Company may terminate your account, delete your profile and any content or information that you have posted on the Services and/or prohibit you from using or accessing the Services for any reason, or no reason, at any time in its sole discretion, with or without notice
Company may terminate your account and/or access to the Company Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice or explanation, and shall have no liability to you for such termination.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable license to use the Service as permitted by the features of the Service. wikiHow may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.
Tofugu has the right to suspend or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately.
We reserve the right to monitor, terminate, suspend, or delete any User Account at any time in Our sole discretion. We have no obligation to comment on any reasons for account monitoring, termination, suspension, or deletion.
You agree that Presearch may at any time and for any reason, including a period of account inactivity, terminate your access to Presearch services, terminate the Terms, or suspend or terminate your account.
We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Service.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. <br>
We may terminate the Agreement or restrict, suspend or terminate your use of the Service at our discretion at any time without notice.</p>
<p>We may terminate your account, password or access in our sole discretion at any time and without prior notice.
We may also get information about you from other sources.
We may receive info about you from our partners, for instance where Tinder ads are published on a partner’s websites and platforms (in which case they may pass along details on a campaign’s success).
Resellers</strong>: For example, unless prohibited by applicable law, joint marketing partners or resellers may share information about you with us so that we can better understand which of our Services may be of interest to you.</li> <li>
We may also obtain information about you from other third-party sources, such as our partners and advertisers, interactive applications offered through our services (such as embedded video players), and commercially available sources such as data aggregators and public databases.
<p>From time to time, we may collect personal information about you from third party sources (including data append services such as public or social graph data, or social media websites if you have chosen to log in or connect your social media with our Site) which we will use for our business purposes (for example, in order to better serve you with content or promotions).
<p>We may combine personal information collected through the Site with other information that we or third parties collect about you in other contexts—such as our communications with you via email or phone, or your customer service records.
Information We Receive From Other Sources <p>We may supplement the information we collect with outside records in order to learn more about our users, to better tailor the content and offers we show you, and for other purposes. We may receive this information about you from public sources or third parties
<b>Information From Third-Party Sources.&nbsp;</b>We may receive information about you from publicly and commercially available sources, as permitted by law, which we may combine with other information we receive from or about you.
We also receive information from advertisers
We use the information collected from third party sources to determine the suitability of extending credit and for marketing purposes.</p>
We use third-party payment providers to process payments on the Services. We may receive information associated with your payment information
We may collect information about you from third-party services, such as advertising partners, data providers, and analytics providers
</p> <p> <strong>Information From Our Partners.</strong> We acquire information from other trusted sources.
Third-Party Partners: We may receive your information from our partners, such as publishers, advertisers, and third-party data providers.
<b>Other companies that sell data:</b> we may purchase data from companies that sell certain types of data that are valuable to us.
We may receive information about you from other sources such as online retailers, public databases, data aggregators or resllers, or companies/websites where you have consented to have your information shared with other companies.
<p>From time to time, we may receive personal information from third party sources, including advertising networks and social media platforms
<p>We may also obtain information about you and your activity outside SpanishDict from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with, or other publicly available sources.
We may also collect Personal Information from third parties, such as Social Media, Payment Processors, product vendors, and other partners.
<p>We may collect your Personal Data from our business partners.
<p>We may rely on third-party services such as Google Analytics to help us collect this information.
We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties
We may also collect your personal information through our related bodies corporate, our service providers and third parties so that we may provide a better or more relevant service or product to you.
Third parties, in particular in the context of the contractual relationship with our customers or resellers, or in the context of incoming transfers of domain names from other registrars;</li>
Collected from another company within our family of companies</li> <li>Collected from an external third-party source
We may have obtained personal information about you from various sources, including: </p> <ul> <li>• from you or your devices, for example, through your use of the Services. </li> <li>• our affiliates and subsidiaries;</li> <li>• vendors who provide services on our behalf;</li> <li>• social media networks. and</li> <li>• online advertising companies.</li> </ul>
If available from GitHub, we collect and store: avatar, name, first name, last name, bio, email and username and -id.
However, we may also collect Personal Information about you from other sources such as public databases,
Other Information <p>We may collect information from you through third-parties,&nbsp;such as when we collect your feedback through surveys or market research.
About You <p>Many of our features rely on information about you that we collect from third parties, such as the free credit reports and credit scores we request on your behalf from TransUnion and Equifax. We may also work with different third party partners to supplement the Usage Information and other information we collect directly from you.
We work with third parties from time to time (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers and credit reference agencies) who may provide to us information about you.
We (or our authorised third parties) collect information about you:
<b>Information We Collect from Third Parties<br> </b>We may receive information about you from other sources and combine that information with the information we collect directly.
However, we may also collect Personal Information about you from other sources such as public databases and
We may receive information about you from outside sources, such as commercially available demographic or marketing information, and add or combine it with your information to provide better service to you and inform you of Services or other information that may be of interest to you.
4.3. We may collect and use your Personal Data from third parties.
We are not responsible for the collection, use, monitoring, storage or sharing of any Personal Data by such third parties, and we encourage you to review those third parties' privacy notices and ask them questions about their privacy practices as they relate to you.
<p>We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.</p>
We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our service providers may do so on our behalf).
Our marketing agencies, advertising technology vendors, and analytics providers may also provide us with information.</p>
Do we share information we collect with any third parties? <p> We may share information that is collected from you or your child as follows: </p> <ul> <li> Authorized third-party vendors.
<p>We may collect personal information about you from other sources so we can better understand you and provide you with services, advertising, and offers that may be of interest to you.
We collect Personal Information you provide us, from your use of the Services, and from other sources.
We collect Personal Data about you when you provide such information directly to us, when third parties such as our business partners or service providers provide us with Personal Data about you,
You authorize your wireless operator (AT&amp;T, Sprint, T-Mobile, US Cellular, Verizon, or any other branded wireless operator) to disclose your mobile number, name, address, email, network status, customer type, customer file, billing type, mobile device identifiers (IMSI and IMEI) and other subscriber status and device details, if available, to our third party service provider, solely to verify your identity and prevent fraud for the duration of the business relationship.
From time to time, we may receive information about you from third parties and other users.
Social Media Information:&nbsp;If you sign in to your Viber account through third-party social media sites like VK, you agree to give us on-going access to your personal information on such sites (e.g., your public profile, friend list, accounts you follow or who follow you, your email address, birthday, work history, education history, interests, current city, and video viewing).
We may also obtain information about You from other sources and combine that with information We collect about You.
Pico may receive personal data about you from business partners and from other lawful sources.
We may obtain your personal information (including the categories listed above under “Information you Provide to Us”) from other third parties, such as marketing partners, publicly-available sources, existing Enphase customers, and data providers.
Our affiliates including GroundTruth may also share location related-information with us.
Other information may be collected automatically when you visit our Website or indirectly from other sources such as our service providers and vendors, software applications, and at our stores or in-person events.
We may also acquire your Personal Information offline, from third parties, or otherwise outside of the Service. For example, we may purchase or otherwise acquire Personal Information from third party consumer data suppliers/resellers
We may also receive User Information about you from third parties
If you connect or login to your account with Facebook, Facebook shares with us personal information about you such as your profile picture, a sample of your Facebook friends and your Facebook ID.&nbsp;While Wolt maintains its page on Facebook both Wolt and Facebook are joint controllers for your personal data. More information on processing of personal data on Facebook is available at Meta Privacy Policy.</p>
<li>information from other commercially available sources, such as data aggregators and public databases, or our business partners, which may include your interests, purchasing behavior
Des données communiquées par des partenaires commerciaux ou d’autres sociétés du Groupe Figaro </strong>: il s’agit des informations qui nous ont été communiquées par des &nbsp;partenaires commerciaux ou d’autres sociétés du Groupe Figaro avec qui vous avez été en relation et que vous avez autorisés à partager des données personnelles vous concernant avec nous à des fins de prospection commerciale ou ciblage publicitaire.
We may collect Personal Information about you from publicly available sources, social network providers, marketing partners, and third parties.
Information is gathered about you through third parties
We may receive personal information about you from other sources.
We may have obtained California Information from a variety of sources, including:</b> </p> <p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp. Directly from you – such as technical and usage information when you use our Sites</p> <p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp. Linked sites – such as Social Media Sites and third-party platforms</p> <p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp. Our affiliates</p> <p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp. Our joint ventures and promotional and strategic partners</p> <p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp. Information suppliers</p> <p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp. Distributors and other vendors</p> <p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp. Marketing mailing lists</p> <p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp. Other users submitting information about you – such as to invite you to participate in an offering, make recommendations, or share content</p> <p>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp. Publicly available sources</p>
We may obtain certain information about you from publicly or commercially-available sources and from third parties who perform services for us.
We may receive certain information about you (cookie id, mobile device id, when you use our Trust DNS app – advertising IDs, in app events, such as in-app purchase or amount and type of ads watched, information about what browser, network, or device is used to access and use Trust DNS) from certain advertisers and advertising partners for advertising purposes.
We may also receive personal data about you from our service providers and business partners, including companies that assist with payment processing, analytics, advertising, marketing, data processing and management (e.g. to measure ad quality and responses to ads, and to display ads that are more likely to be relevant to you, including for SoundCloud products)
We may also collect your personal information from third parties including:</p> <ol> <li> <p>third parties who partner with us and help us provide our Linktree Services;</p> </li> <li> <p>third parties that provide us with marketing leads;</p> </li> <li> <p>third parties for whom we provide marketing and data analysis services. and</p> </li> <li> <p>via public sources or when you connect with a social network service when using and accessing the Service.</p>
we also collect data from publicly accessible sources (e.g. debt enforcement register, commercial register), from other companies within our Group, from authorities and from other third parties (e.g. contractual partners, Internet analytics services, etc.).</p>
Les données personnelles que nous recevons de tiers peuvent relever des catégories suivantes:
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.</p>
We also obtain information from third parties. We protect information obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. These third-party sources include:</p> <ul> <li>Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect;</li> <li>Applications and services, such as social networks, that make users' information available to others;</li>
Personal data we receive from other sources. <p>It’s not just the things you tell us, though – we may also receive info about you from other sources. These include business partners, such as affiliate partners, subsidiaries of the Booking.com corporate group, other affiliates of the Booking Holdings Inc. corporate group, and other independent third parties.</p> <p>Anything we receive from these partners may be combined with info provided by you.
<b>Payer information.</b> When you make an order inside the Service and you pay through a third-party service (e.g. PayPal), we may store the information about the payer, that we may receive from the third-party service (it usually contains the name, the email address and the physical address of the payer, but no card numbers or passwords).</li> </ul>
<p>If you are a student applicant we may collect personal information about you from recommenders and educational institutions you have attended, including information about your academic achievements and performance, impressions of you and any other information they choose to provide us to support your application(s).</p>
We also use tracking technologies from third party service providers (as described below) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the information you interacted with.
Information from our advertising partners:</strong> We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services related to how you interact with our websites, applications, products, services, advertisements or communications.</li> <li> <strong>Information from other service providers:</strong> We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us in offering and improving our Services by providing information about how you use our Services and by helping us to maintain the security and integrity of our platform.
We collect personal information directly from you, from other sources, and through online technologies (such as cookies when you interact with our website).
Information We Get From Advertisers, Third Parties, and Offline Sources.</p> <p>We may receive information about you from advertisers, app developers, and publishers, or other online or offline sources with whom you interact and who have the rights to provide us with your information.
We also obtain data about you from third parties
Third party information:</strong> We may collect or obtain your Personal Information from third parties who provide it to us.
B. Information we collect from third parties <p>We may collect Information from third parties that help us deliver the Services or process information.
Also, Personal information can be obtained by Yandex through its partners (“Partners”), such as advertising partners or taxi service providers, who provide you with access to or let you use websites,
9. SOURCES OF PERSONAL DATA <p> We collect and receive your Personal data from yourself (including your device) as well as from the following sources: </p> <ul> <li> Social network operators (such as Facebook, Google, etc.). </li> <li> Third-party service providers, suppliers and our partners.
We may receive Personal Data relating to you from:</p> <ul> <li>You directly when you provide us with information about you;</li> <li>Your use of Bandcamp’s Service;</li> <li>Third parties that provide us with information about you.
We receive information about you and your activities on and off the Services from third-party partners, such as&nbsp;advertising and market research partners who provide us with information about your interest in and engagement with, our Services and online advertisements
We work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical and payment services, and advertising networks) and may receive information about you from them.
We and our service providers collect Personal Information from adult accountholders in a variety of ways, including:</p> <ul> <li> <strong>Through the Services</strong>: We collect Personal Information through the Services, e.g., when you create an account, register your credit/debit card information and other financial data that we/our payment processors need to provide the Services, or populate your profile.</li> <li> <strong>Offline:</strong> We collect Personal Information from you offline, such as when you contact customer service.</li> <li> <strong>From Other Sources:</strong> We may receive your Personal Information from other sources, such as Google or Microsoft (if you choose to register using your Google or Microsoft account), public databases, joint marketing partners and other third parties.</li
We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, including marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse. We also receive information from advertisers to provide advertising and research services on their behalf.
We may collect personal information about you from various sources, for example from:</p> <ul> <li>You</li> <li>Merchants</li> <li>Our payment partners, such as card networks and payment processors</li> <li>Financial institutions, such as banks</li> <li>Credit bureaus</li> <li>Service providers, such as companies that help us manage risk and fraud, deliver services to you, and market our services
<p>We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site. We may receive updated information about you, such as an updated billing address, from the financial institution issuing your credit card in connection with our billing for the Services.
We obtain information from third-party sources. For example, we may collect information about you from social networks, accounting services providers and data analytics providers.
We may receive information about you from other sources (for example, missing information about your postal or email addresses) and add it to the personal information we hold about you.
we may collect information from you for third parties for purposes such as ad targeting, optimization, and reporting.</p>
We collect your information from publicly or commercially available sources such as attendance at events we sponsor, searches on the public internet, and data enrichment services
In addition to the information you provide to us, we obtain the following information from third parties: data collection and reporting services regarding our customers’ activities on the Site; tracking and measuring performance of our marketing efforts and your response to our marketing efforts; and the delivery of relevant marketing messages
<li>offer you targeted advertising in order to personalize your experience by showing you advertisements that are more relevant to you. and/or</li>
We use these cookies to deliver advertisements, to make them more relevant and meaningful to consumers, and to track the efficiency of our advertising campaigns, both on our services and on other sites or mobile apps.
We use your personal information to provide you with tailored content and advertisements, including to determine your interests and select content and advertisements to provide to you based on your interests.
We may use automated decision-making to deliver tailored advertisements based on your personal information.
To serve you interest-based ads, we use information such as your interactions with Amazon sites, content, or services.
We collect your IP Address to provision your product or service. We also use the IP Address with mobile products to serve ads.
To Personalize Advertising and Marketing: to provide targeted and interest based offers we conduct data profiling based on your characteristics, behavior and preferences (based on the information you provide to us, your interactions with the ISODME Platform and its Users, information obtained from third parties, and your search history).
eBuddy may offer you targeted advertisements based on for example your age, gender and type of device.
Programmatic ads</em> <br>We partner with third-party programmatic ad exchanges to show advertisements relevant to your interests.
We use this information for things like keeping your account secure and showing you more relevant Tweets, people to follow, events, and ads.
Huawei uses cookies to collect information about your online activities and interests and provide you with advertisements that correlate most highly with you. </p
We collect and use this data for the purpose of communicating with you, providing customer service, verifying your information, providing advertising or marketing services,
</p>Provide personalized services, including content and ads<p>We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience, including: <ul> <li>Identify you when you use Pinterest.</li> <li>Recommend Pins, boards, topics or categories you might like based on your activity on Pinterest. For example, if we see you’re into cooking, we may suggest food-related Pins, boards or people that we think you might like, or show you food-related ads.</li>
We and our advertising partners collect certain information, including cookies and similar information stored on your browsers, advertising identifiers on your mobile devices, and/or the IP address of your devices when you visit our sites or use our apps.
For example, we use such information to: </p> <ul> <li> <p>determine your general geographic location, provide localized content, provide you with customized and personalized viewing recommendations for movies and TV shows we think will be of interest to you,
Advertise</b> </p> <p> <b>Target ads to registered users, visitors, and others through a variety of advertising partners. In some cases, we also use information including service usage information, and information from web beacons, pixels, and cookies, and device identifiers that we collect as mentioned above to better understand how to promote and advertise our Services to you.
We may process information collected under this section 3 so that content, products and services shown on the pages of the Steam store and in update messages displayed when launching the Steam Client can be tailored to meet your needs and populated with relevant recommendations and offers.
<p>We may use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, personalize your experience with the Services, target communications so that we can inform you of products and services or other offers that may be of interest to you, measure ad quality and responses, and for internal business purposes.</p>
Adobe websites use cookies and similar technologies provided by our own company (Adobe Experience Cloud) and other companies that allow us to gather additional information to measure and improve the effectiveness of our advertising. We collect information such as:</p> <p>&nbsp;</p> <ul> <li>Which ads are displayed;</li> <li>Which ads are clicked on. and&nbsp;</li> <li>Where the ad was displayed.&nbsp;</li>
On the basis of legitimate interests, we use this information (or combined information) to help us design our Services to better suit our users' needs, to provide and improve our Services, for identification verification, to provide support, for statistical and market research purposes to tailor content to usage patterns, for analytic purposes through tools such as Google Analytics, and to personalize your experience by presenting content, products, and offers tailored to you.
<p>Finally, and only if you consent, we use personal data to make recommendations for you. For example, we might personalize your experience on NVIDIA.com based on the games you play, or we might personalize NVIDIA advertising to promote content you’ve engaged with previously.</p>
advertising or commercial information about new services similar to those that you already use on the Platform. This processing of your personal data is thus in this respect founded on our legitimate interest to communicate about our services to already registered users. </p>
We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you.
<p>In order to serve offers and advertisements that may be of interest to our users, we display targeted advertisements on the Services, or other digital properties or applications in conjunction with our content, based on information provided to us by our users and information provided to us by third parties that they have independently collected.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your location settings.</p>
<p>In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:</p> <ol> <li> <p>provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing</p> </li>
We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Service and the Service's technical administration, to increase our Service's functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor our Service to our visitors' needs. For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Service again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests.
<p>– <strong>Personnalisation des publicités présentes sur nos sites et applications</strong> </p> <ul>
We may use this profile or fingerprint to understand and analyze how you interact with the Services, to customize content or advertising to you through the Services, to monitor against fraud or misuse of the Services, or in other ways consistent with this Privacy Policy.</p>
We may also use information to help show ads based on the video that you are watching and to limit how frequently you see ads in the app.
<p>We use the information we collect to, among other things:</p> <ul> <li>Register and create your account;</li> <li>Operate and manage our stored-value card program;</li> <li>Provide and manage the products and Services you request;</li> <li>Communicate with you about our products, services, and promotions;</li> <li>Deliver targeted advertising, promotions, and offers.
Dailymotion offers its users the opportunity to watch numerous videos without charging any fee in return. Such free of charge service can only be possible thanks to the presence of advertisements. We may use Data we have, including information received from our Commercial Partners, to evaluate and improve our advertising and analytics systems so that the ads shown to you on and off our Services are customized and of real interest to you.
Our targeted advertising cookies collect anonymous information. however, if you have a registration account with us, the information collected by us using our targeted advertising cookies may be associated with your registration account, for example, we may seek to show more closely targeted adverts to you based on your browsing behaviour.<br>
●For marketing and advertising purposes, such as developing and providing promotional ,and advertising materials that may be relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.
<li> To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
In addition, we may use or transfer data for interest-based advertising, including cross-device linking.
<p>We may collect information about your online activities to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your interests.
We also receive information from advertisers to provide advertising and research services on their behalf.</p>
We use information about native actions to improve the Services, develop new Services, and, particularly, to personalize your Tumblr experience. Personalization using this information may include presenting you with new posts relevant to what you’ve liked, providing you with better search results, and showing you advertising more relevant to your interests. </p>
<p>We may use the data we collect to personalize the marketing communications (including advertisements) that we send, including based on user location, past use of Uber’s services, and user preferences and settings.</p>
<strong>To provide, personalize, and improve our advertising and marketing.</strong> <ul>
In some cases, the advertisers that serve ads on our Services will share your e-mail or online identifiers with us so that we can make sure their advertisements or offers reach you
If you grant us your consent, we will use your personal data you provided us and which we obtain via tracking your use of the App, we will use these data to provide you with personalized advertising.
We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize our Services, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, so that our Services (including ads) can be more relevant and useful to you and others.
<li>We also use personal information to help us create, develop, operate, deliver, and improve our products, services, content and advertising
These advertisements can be targeted based on the information that is available to Doodle, e.g. language, IP address, poll content, etc.
If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here [or if located in the European Union click here].
<p>(c) to offer you other products and services from Yandex or other companies which we think can be of interest to you (i.e. personally-targeted advertising).
We reserve the right to display advertisements in connection with User Submissions and to use User Submissions for advertising and promotional purposes without any compensation to you. These advertisements may be targeted to the content or information stored on the Services. In consideration for us granting you access and use of the Services, you agree that we may place such advertisements throughout our Services.
<li>it is in our legitimate interests to target advertisements so that users see relevant advertisements in furtherance of our Service and our business operations.</li> </ul> </li> </ul>&nbsp;&nbsp;<p>11.&nbsp. To provide or show advertising based on the Personal Data you provide or that we collect through the Service.</p> <p>Consent</p> <p>When you have given us your consent, we will provide personalized advertising.</p>
You permit AddToAny to display advertisements and other content (Ads) within AddToAny on your site pages that display Ads or use advertising or marketing services.
<strong>We may use your information to provide you with ads or information that we think would be of interest to you.</strong> For example, based on the information we have about your use of the Services, including information provided by third parties, we may target personalized advertising to you both on and off our Services. </p>
<i>Our use of personal data to show you targeted advertising</i> </b> </p> <p>We think that online advertising could be much better. When you are a member of YouGov you’ll notice that some of our services will ask for your <b>consent</b> to show you personalised ads while you interact with us (for example, in our surveys or apps).</p> <p>If you agree, these ads will be personalised based on the profiling data you decide to share with us, and you will be able to withdraw your consent at any time.
We may use information for various purposes to:</p> <ul> <li>respond to your questions and requests,</li> <li>provide you with information about our company, products, services, promotions and other special offers, including through the delivery of targeted advertising,</li> <li>
your device ID, your browser type and when, how often and how long you interact with the Services), including to facilitate interest-based advertising
Display relevant, tailored advertisements and improve your ad experience, <u>except where your separate consent is required</u>
We may use the information we collect from and about you to provide the Fox News Services and features to you, including: to measure and improve those Fox News Services and features and to develop new products and services. to improve your experience with both online and off-line Fox News Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages
and</li> <li>display content, including advertising, that is customized to your interests and preferences.</li>
We may use the information collected from you to show advertising and promotions tailored to your interests.
We will use Personal Data for the following purposes:<br>● Provision and maintenance of services;<br>● Development and improvement of services and contents;<br>● Prevention of unauthorized use such as unauthorized access. and/or<br>● Provision of contents optimized for you.</p> <p>We use Personal Data to provide our Services to users, for utilization in research and development to provide safer and better services, and to provide services that are strongly linked to users, including ads.
IP addresses and social media profiles, for the purposes of targeted advertising of products that may interest you, delivering personalized communications, event promotion, and profiling.
Our Samsung Ads service is designed to serve advertisements that are customized to users’ interests on Samsung and third-party devices, websites and apps. Samsung Ads may deliver customized ads based on your demographic characteristics, preferences, choices and interests by collecting certain information about your online activities as specified in this Privacy Policy.
We process this data to analyse your use of our website and other online services, to administer and protect our business and website, to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and to understand the effectiveness of our advertising.
Advertising These cookies are placed in order to deliver content, including ads relevant and meaningful to you and your interests. They may also be used to deliver targeted advertising or to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. This can help us track how efficient advertising campaigns are, both for our own Services and for other websites.
When you use our websites or apps we may also collect operating system-provided device IDs or user-specific advertising IDs for advertisement tracking.
We use your personal data, such as information about your activity and interests, to show you ads that are more relevant to you.
To measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand user retention and attrition–for example, we may analyze how many individuals purchased a plan after receiving a marketing message or the features used by those who continue to use our Services after a certain length of time;</li>
<p>d) To provide personalised Content to you and others such as Followers and Band Members or other interest segment updates, personalised online advertisements or other forms of marketing like emails about products, services and other information you might be interested in.
The data gathered in order to show you targeted advertisement will be kept for the period that you do not disagree to those terms
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, and audience insights, as well as to develop and improve products.</p> <
TacoTime ® researches our user demographics and interests based upon the information that you provide. We do this to better customize your experience and we may share this research with our partners.</p>
c) to customize ABS-CBN’s, and its Affiliates’ advertising, promotional and marketing activities.
We use location information to operate and enhance our service as well as customize the content, weather alerts, and advertising we provide to you
We may also use your information to serve you online ads
<li>Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.
we may also use, transfer and otherwise process Personal Information acquired from you directly or by use of Tracking Technologies, for marketing purposes, including to serve you with Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA)
show you targeted or personalized advertisements through Wolt Services
\ <li>Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers
Advertising. Kaggle processes information, including online identifiers and information about your interactions with advertisements, to provide advertising            PENDING        Agnes_de_Lion  Staff Ornikar      Your personal data is used for advertising               PENDING        Agnes_de_Lion  Staff Logitech   advertise and market to you subject to applicable legal requirements, which may include sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.</li>
We may use your Personal Information to enhance our content and to deliver advertisements to you, including in commercial emails
They may also be used to provide targeted advertising based on your country of origin and other personal information.
Providing personalized promotional offers (in accordance with your Privacy Preferences) on HP Services
For Interest-Based Advertising. </strong>We and our third party partners may engage in interest-based advertising using personal information gathered across multiple websites, devices, or other platforms to serve you relevant advertising on our Platform
We may share personal information including IP Address, for the purpose of providing support for the internal operations of our services and our site. </p> <p> Support for the internal operations of our Services and our Site means activities necessary for the services or site to maintain or analyze its functioning. perform network communications. authenticate users or personalize content. serve contextual advertising or cap the frequency of advertising                 PENDING        Agnes_de_Lion  Staff MacRumors  serve relevant ads to you,
We use ad identifiers and other information that we collect about you as described in this Privacy Policy to try to make sure you only see ads in our games that might be of interest to you.
advertise to you both on and off the Services, which may include tailoring ads to your inferred interests and measuring the performance of our ad campaigns
How we use personal data<p>Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:</p> <ul> <li>Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.</li> <li>Improve and develop our products.</li> <li>Personalize our products and make recommendations.</li> <li>Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.</li>
Show you targeted ads</li> </ul> <p> <strong>Ad targeting</strong> </p> <p>The data collected when you visit our website or click on our digital ads is used to show you future ads that match your interests. Ad targeting is used to create larger group profiles and larger audience segments made of users across Canada that share common interests.
We may also collect Tracking Data when you use our website or mobile application, or when you click on one of our advertisements (including those shown on third party websites).</p> <p>Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various types of third parties, including:</p> <ul> <li>Technical Data and/or Tracking Data from analytics providers, advertising networks and search information providers.</li>
The Administration of the Site processes the User's personal data in order to provide to the latter access to the services of the Site, including targeted advertisements to the User.
WhatsApp is now part of the Facebook family of companies. Our Privacy Policy explains how we work together to improve our services and offerings, like fighting spam across apps, making product suggestions, and showing relevant offers and ads on Facebook.
Gfycat may provide you with these materials by phone, postal mail, facsimile, or email, as permitted by applicable law. Such uses include:</li> <ul> <li>To tailor content, advertisements, and offers.</li> <li>
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;</p> </li> <li> <p>Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Websites and Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;</p
In many cases, we handle information on the ground that it furthers our legitimate interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, these include: <ul> <li>Customer service</li> <li>Marketing, advertising, and fundraising</li>
<p>We use the information we collect to provide and improve the Services. to communicate with you. to deliver advertising.
<li>Twitch uses such information to operate, maintain, enhance, provide, create, and develop all of the features, functionality, and services (new or existing) found on the Twitch Services. provide security for our websites, products, software, or applications. manage relationships with Twitch account holders (e.g., Partners, Affiliates), including making or receiving payment. improve users’ experience with Twitch by providing content recommendations and by delivering content that we hope users will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages.
For instance, if SDK Information indicates that a particular device is frequently seen at restaurants, we might categorize a user for targeting of local restaurant offers. Or, if a user is frequently seen at sports stadiums, we might categorize the user as a “Sports Fan.”</li>
<p>We may also send users communications regarding elections, ballots, referenda, and other political and notice processes that relate to our services. For example, Uber has notified some users by email of ballot measures or pending legislation relating to the availability of Uber’s services in those users’ areas.<br>
As described in our Privacy Statement, we may use your credit report, credit score, and other information we obtain to analyze, sort, and present certain information or features to you.</p>
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law</p> <p>Age, race, national origin, citizenship, marital or familial status, sex, gender, and other similar information</p> <p>To provide you with products and services. marketing and promotions. for internal reporting. to serve you content recommendations and targeted advertising
<strong>Health-related ad targeting</strong>. In the United States, we provide personalized advertising based on a limited number of standard, non-sensitive health-related interest categories, including allergies, arthritis, cholesterol, cold and flu, diabetes, gastrointestinal health, headache / migraine, healthy eating, healthy heart, men’s health, oral health, osteoporosis, skin health, sleep, and vision / eye care.
Inferences </strong>drawn from Online Identifiers, Demographic Information, Device, Internet, and Network Activity Information, and General Location Information to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, abilities, and aptitudes.<strong>We sell or share your inferences with third parties for targeted advertisements on and off the Site.
We use the information we have to improve our advertising systems so we can show you relevant interest-based advertising and measure the effectiveness and reach of advertisements and services
. Allscripts may use your PHR Data for marketing and advertising purposes, including sending you customized marketing and advertising communications whether on our behalf or on behalf of third party partners with whom we may engage.
Additionally, we use your info to help keep you safe and to provide you with advertising that may be of interest to you.
>Some of the data that you provide us will fall within what data protection law describes as ‘sensitive’, or ‘special categories of personal data’, such as your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs or information concerning your health or sexual orientation. For example, we may ask you about your voting history or intention, or whether you regard yourself as belonging to a particular religion. We use this information in the same way we use all the other information we collect, but the law requires that we have your explicit consent to collect and use it.</p> <p>Each time we ask questions that fall into one of these categories, if you haven’t consented to our use of data in that category we’ll remind you that we need it.
<li>our business partners who may advertise their services on our Platforms and to which you may decide to sign up for: these services may be any service related to our services such as insurance services, banking services, rental services, etc. For instance, we may provide insurance companies such as AXA with some of your information in order to confirm that you are eligible for insurance cover;
<p>We use information to provide, analyze, administer, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts,
<li> to contact you about the Services in which you have expressed interest or that might be of interest to you.
<p>When you provide this information directly to us by the methods described above, we use it for the purpose of communicating with you, providing customer service, verifying your information, providing advertising or marketing services,
Send you marketing materials by email, text, push notification or phone call depending on your account or operating system settings.
We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use
We may disclose your information with third parties who perform services on our behalf, including without limitation, event management, candidate selection, marketing, customer support, data storage, data analysis and processing, and legal services.</li>
In addition, eBuddy wants to keep you informed of developments of the eBuddy service and of any promotional actions by eBuddy.
we use the data to:</p> <ul> <li>ensure the performance of a contract with users and to ensure the required performance of services for customers;</li> <li>protect the user from known threats to information security;</li> <li>improve user interaction and experience with our services, in particular, changing interfaces and providing the desired content and advertisements related to marketing purpose;
to provide us with other analysis services related to the website and its use, e.g. on the effect of online marketing campaigns.
we use your personal information for marketing and (interest based) advertising
We communicate with you about our Services and features and let you know about our terms and policies and other important updates. We may provide you marketing for our Services and those of the Facebook family of companies, of which we are now a part.</p>
And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.</p> <p>Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests.
We use your information to allow us or third parties to deliver advertisements based on your interests on our Websites, affiliated websites or third-party sites
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, and events, and provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you
We may use information for promotional purposes.</strong> For example, we might provide you with information about new features, updates, new products or special offers from time to time.
RapidShare withholds the right to use any of the information provided by users for the purposes improving our site user experience, improving our advertising and marketing, and for legal disputes if required.<br>
We may also use these technologies to collect information when you interact with services we offer through one of our partners, such as advertising and commerce features. For example, we may use information collected on other websites to show you more relevant ads.
We use Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to communicate with you, to process orders for products and services, to customize advertising and content available on Weasyl, to conduct research for internal purposes and to use such information to improve our services and Weasyl itself.</p>
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings
We work with ad partners, including advertisers on our platform and entities that belong to the Google group of companies, in order to show you more relevant and useful ads based on your Waze activity and information associated with your device’s identifier
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences.
We use the information we have about you-including information about your interests, actions and connections-to select and personalize ads, offers and other sponsored content that we show you.
<li>Enhance your browsing experience with advertisements tailored to your preferences.</li>
Our platform employs cookies to optimize the ads shown, ensuring they match your online activities.
Based on the information you provide, we customize ads to better align with your interests.
Our automated system selects advertisements for you based on your provided personal data.
By analyzing your interactions on our site, we present you with ads that would most interest you.
Your IP address assists us in offering relevant advertisements and optimizing our mobile services.
We profile your behavior on our platform to present you with offers and advertisements best suited for you.
Considering factors like age and device type, eBuddy presents advertisements that cater to your profile.
<em>Dynamic Ads</em><br>Collaborating with third-party platforms, we display ads that align with your interests.
Your actions on our site help us improve security and offer suggestions, including ads and people to follow.
To enhance your online experience, Huawei gathers cookies reflecting your activities and shows you the most relevant ads.
This data facilitates communication, customer service, and the provision of tailored advertisements.
Your data allows us to personalize services, including tailoring content and advertisements.
We use data like your activity to suggest Pins or topics, ensuring ads shown are in line with your interests.
Together with our advertising partners, we gather information to optimize ads and monitor their effectiveness.
This information helps in offering localized content, providing personalized viewing suggestions, and more.
We use collected data to promote our Services, targeting ads to best cater to user needs.
To serve you better, the data helps us in customizing our offers and in understanding user preferences.
Adobe tracks which ads you view and click to refine and enhance our advertising strategies.
Data helps in customizing services, analyzing usage patterns, and offering relevant content and offers.
Your interactions on NVIDIA.com, for instance, help us recommend personalized content and advertisements.
We present personalized ads to make your online experience more engaging.
Targeted ads catered to your interests enhance your experience on our platform.
Your data aids in presenting you with relevant and enticing product offers and ads.
To optimize our services, we display ads based on data you provide and third-party data.
Location settings allow us to offer services, ads, and content relevant to your vicinity.
Our primary goal is to provide content, including advertisements, tailored to your preferences.
Our Service recognizes return users and offers content, including advertisements, suitable for their interests.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you
We may analyze your data to make assumptions about your preferences and interests.
By using our service, you acknowledge that we may use your information to derive insights about your behavior and preferences.
We reserve the right to process your data to make informed inferences that help enhance our services.
Our algorithms may analyze your usage patterns to draw conclusions about your likely interests.
Your data helps us infer potential interests, allowing us to tailor content specifically to your preferences.
To provide a personalized experience, we may use your data to make certain inferences about your tastes and preferences.
By assessing the data you provide, we may derive insights or predictions about your possible interests or behaviors.
Your interactions with our platform allow us to infer patterns and tendencies that align with our services.
We utilize the data you share with us to make educated guesses about products or services that might interest you.
Our system is designed to understand user behavior, and as such, may infer specific details about your preferences based on your data.
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Membe
Based on your usage patterns, we might deduce certain demographic attributes, such as age or gender.
We may utilize your data to make inferences about demographic characteristics pertinent to you.
Our system is calibrated to infer attributes like age, gender, or region based on the data you provide.
To enhance our service, we may derive certain demographic details about you, like your likely age bracket or gender, from your activity on our platform.
Your interactions may allow us to draw conclusions about demographic attributes, which can include age, gender, or location.
Using advanced analytics, we might make educated assumptions about your demographic profile based on the data we collect.
By assessing your actions and preferences on our site, we might deduce attributes related to your demographic group.
Our algorithms are designed to determine certain demographic inferences, such as age group or gender, based on user behavior.
Please note that while we don’t directly ask for details like age or gender, our system might infer these attributes based on your activity.
We harness the power of data analytics to understand our users better, which might include inferring certain demographic details about you.
Your user behavior may inform us about certain demographic indicators like your age range or geographical region.
We employ data analytics to hypothesize demographic specifics such as gender or interests, based on your interactions.
From the data you share, our system might extrapolate attributes related to demographics like your potential age or gender.
While we don't explicitly gather demographic data, our algorithms might deduce specifics such as your probable age bracket.
The information you provide can give insights, allowing us to infer demographic details that can be related to you.
Please be aware that our systems can draw conclusions about likely demographic categories you might fall into, based on your user habits.
Your usage patterns offer valuable insights, enabling us to hypothesize certain demographic characteristics pertaining to you.
Without directly requesting attributes like age or gender, our internal algorithms might still derive these specifics based on your data.
Your shared information, such as browsing habits, can help us make educated guesses about certain demographic facets linked to you.
Our advanced analytical tools are tailored to infer probable demographic attributes using the data we collect from you.
Data insights enable us to make certain demographic estimations, such as guessing your age range or preferred interests.
Based on the patterns we observe in your usage, we might infer specific demographic information that characterizes you.
From the choices you make on our platform, we may deduce demographic particulars like potential age group or gender.
Our systems are refined to derive potential demographics from the plethora of data points we collect.
Through data-driven techniques, we may determine demographics associated with you, even if not directly provided.
The analytics we use may predict certain demographic aspects about you, derived from your browsing behaviors.
It's possible for our technology to make demographic approximations about you, such as inferring age, gender, or regional preference.
We harness sophisticated analytics that can suggest demographic elements about you, rooted in your user data.
Though we don’t explicitly collect demographics, our tech infrastructure might extrapolate such information from your activities.
Our platform may leverage your user data to assume certain demographics that can be associated with your profile.
Your online activities might guide our systems in estimating demographic details like your educational background or professional sector.
While you don't provide explicit demographic details, our algorithms are adept at deriving potential characteristics such as your socio-economic status.
Your user behavior and preferences help us deduce potential demographic details, such as your cultural interests or lifestyle choices.
Our data-driven approach may yield estimations about certain attributes of yours, like family status or leisure preferences.
Based on your interactions, we may make educated assessments about specific demographics like your probable purchase behaviors.
The patterns you exhibit within our platform can hint at demographic traits, possibly related to your lifestyle or professional domain.
By analyzing the data points you provide, our system might intuit aspects like your tech affinity or recreational inclinations.
We share the data collected about you, generally in hashed, aggregated, or de-identified forms with advertisers and advertising service providers and business partners in order to serve ads based on your interests and measure the reach and effectiveness of those ads, including whether a user took an action (e.g. purchase a product).
Personal information may be shared with a third party to provide, maintain, or improve customer products and services and customers might request the list of such third parties by writing an email to snowreport@snowcommerce.com\n\nLegal basis for use of your Information
<p>In order to provide you with a suitable service and manage the relationship we maintain with you as a user, we might communicate your data to telecommunications companies that process your information on behalf of BBVA, as part of service provision agreements with them.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Policy:<br> a. To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. <br> b. To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.<br
You should also be aware that Counselors may be obliged to disclose information to law enforcement or other authorities to conform to their professional and legal responsibilities. Specifically, and without limitation, you should be aware that the law requires mental health professionals to disclose information and/or take action in the following cases: (a) reported or suspected abuse of a child or vulnerable adult. (b) serious suicidal potential. (c) threatened harm to another person. (d) court-ordered presentation of treatment.
We will provide Personal Information to such third parties, government authorities and agencies to:</p> <ul> <li>comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal process or enforceable governmental request;</li> <li>if permitted or required by law or in response to a law enforcement or other legal request;</li> <li>protect our or a third party's legal rights, including the enforcement of terms with Users;</li> <li>receive contracted services or use of licensed products from third party providers;</li> <li>comply with any court order or legal proceeding;</li> <li>comply with our accountability and transparency principles and disclosure policies;</li> <li>identify the User to anyone that the User sends a communication through the Website;</li> <li>effectuate a reorganization or organizational change resulting in the divestiture or transfer of any of our operation, unit, function, or asset to such third party;</li> <li>detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud or other criminal activity or errors, security or technical issues. or</li> <li>protect against imminent harm to our rights, property, or the safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.</li>
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
<p>Ryver may share your personally identifiable information or certain content with other third parties for the purpose of providing the Service to you.
When subscribing to any of the Paid Plans or when changing any Paid Plan in accordance with the Terms of Use, this information is being collected by a third party processor.
<p>We may share your personal information with vendors who provide services to us, such as fulfilling orders, providing data processing and other information technology services, managing promotions, contests, prize draws and sweepstakes, carrying out research and analysis, and personalizing individual McDonald’s customer experiences.
With service providers <p>We share User Personal Information with a limited number of service providers who process it on our behalf to provide or improve our Service,
<p>Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Site. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Google’s privacy policy.
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
Fivestars has collected and shared for a business or commercial purpose the following categories of personal information:</p> <ul> <li>Identifiers/Contact Information: These include your name, postal and email address, phone number, and unique identifiers that may identify your device or browser but not you by name.
If you are an End User, you acknowledge that we may share your information, including your personally identifiable information, with certain third parties as specified in this Policy.
We may sometimes share your personal information with third parties (as described below) in order to provide or improve our services, including offering services based on your requirements.
To provide these and other features, Dropbox accesses, stores, and scans Your Stuff. You give us permission to do those things, and this permission extends to our affiliates and trusted third parties we work with.</p>
We share your information with audience measurement companies like Comscore and Nielsen that help us and other websites measure and understand the audiences that view our content.
This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users,
When you use our Services, third parties that provide advertising, to the Services, may collect or receive information about you including through the use of cookies.
We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third- party service providers. The categories of service providers (processors) to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services. information and services. payment processors. user service providers. and vendors to support the provision of the Services.
We may share your information with third-party service providers who use this information to perform services for us, such as payment processors, hosting providers, auditors, advisors, consultants, customer service and support providers, as well as those who assist us in providing the Ad Services.</li> <li>
This is the list of processors and sub-processors with whom we share your personal data:</p> PROCESSOR ROLE SEAT The Rocket Science Group, LLC (MailChimp) Email services based on Cloud USA Google, Inc. Analytics USA Amazon Web Services, Inc. Cloud Infrastructure (IaaS) USA SendGrid, Inc. E-mail services based on Cloud USA Stripe, Inc. Payment provider USA Zendesk, Inc. Email and chat support USA <p>We may also share your personal data with our outside accountants, legal counsels and auditors.</p>
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information <p>Nabu Casa, Inc. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Nabu Casa, Inc.’s behalf or to provide services available at Nabu Casa, Inc.’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country. by using Nabu Casa, Inc.’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
<p>If you make payments on MeWe, we may share your payment information with third-party payment service providers to process payments.
Service providers <p>It may be necessary to share some data with selected parties to deliver the service you require — such as with a payment card provider who we use to process your credit card transaction or to perform analytics via third-party analytics tools.
EdX and Members share information, including Personal Information, with third parties for the following purposes
<p>We may engage service providers to administer and provide our services. We may provide personal information to such service providers only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf
<li>to our business partners so that we can improve Likee Services;</li> <li>to third-party advertising partners so that they can deliver ads they believe are relevant to you in other third party apps (for a list of our current advertising partners please visit Advertising Partners);</li> <li>to cloud storage providers to store the information you provide;</li>
We may also share your Personal Data with our third party service providers that provide customer support services in connection with goods, Content and Services distributed via Steam
When we share information with third-party providers,
<p>Apple may share personal data with <strong>service providers</strong> who act on our behalf, our <strong>partners</strong>, or others <strong>at your direction</strong>.
To our knowledge, the following are transferred to Google: referrer URL, the IP address, the behaviour of the website visitors, information about the operating system, browser and duration, cookies, presentation instructions and scripts, the input behaviour of the user and mouse movements in the reCAPTCHA checkbox.</p>
<p>We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf.
<li>We may provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf.
We disclose such information to service providers working on our behalf, such as, to: provide website hosting, maintenance, and security services. fulfill orders. conduct data analysis and create reports. offer certain functionality. or assist Twitch in improving the Twitch Services and creating new services and features.
The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Personal Data.
Third-party service providers have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf
When you use services provided by PrivacyTools your data is shared with Aragon Ventures LLC, in order to facilitate their hosting obligations.
Bitwarden may share Personal Information with third-party service providers that need your information to provide the following operational or other support services to Bitwarden, the Site or Service
We share personal information with third parties in order to operate the Site, provide our services to you, fulfil obligations imposed on us by applicable laws and regulations, and prevent fraud, infringements and illegal activities.
We share some personal data with other companies if they need it to provide services on our behalf. We only share what is needed for the service, we never sell personal data, and we remain strictly responsible for how your personal data is used.</p>
We share personal information with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, storage, and other infrastructure, analytics, payment processing, fraud prevention and security, customer service, communications, and marketing.</li>
This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may share Personal Information, as follows:</p> <ul> <li> <strong>With our service providers:</strong> We use service providers to help us operate and improve the Services, such as for data hosting and maintenance, analytics, customer care, marketing, payment processing, order fulfillment, and security operations.</li>
<p>For the provision of certain services we may make use of external service providers. As far as such external service providers need to have access to personal data, we ensure that any such access is limited to the extent necessary for the provision of the respective service.
<p>We may share your information with third parties who provide services to Strava such as supporting, improving, promoting and securing the Services, processing payments, or fulfilling orders.
<b>We will share data with employees and service providers.</b> Khan Academy may share information with our employees and trusted vendors, third party service providers and other individuals to provide services or products for us or on our behalf, which could include analytics, hosting, marketing and similar services.
We may disclose your information with current or future affiliated companies.</li> </ul> <ul> <li> <strong>Consent.</strong> We may disclose your information to any third parties based on your consent to do so.
<p>We may disclose information to third parties including Grubhub vendors and service providers for business purposes such as fraud detection, care support, error tracking, and any other function required for the operation of our service, as permitted by law and your applicable account settings.</p>
<p>As explained above, Merriam-Webster processes your data to provide you with the products and services you have requested or purchased from us, including special features, subscriptions, newsletters, and other content. Sometimes we use third-party providers or work with co-sponsors to facilitate the delivery of the services or special features described above, and these third-party providers may be supplied with or have access to your personal information for the sole purpose of providing services to you on our behalf, such as Word of the Day or delivering the special feature.
We may also share information with companies we have contracted with to provide technology services.
We may share your personal information with third parties for the purposes of operating our business, delivering, improving, securing, and customizing our websites and Solutions, sending marketing and other communications related to our business, and for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law or otherwise with your consent.
Your personal data may be transmitted to our hosting provider, allowing us to provide access to the Platform in accordance with the contractual conditions signed between this hosting provider and Pearltrees which cannot derogate from the terms of this privacy policy.</p>
We share your name, email, product ordered and associated details of such product and address details with TS Controllers if you purchase one of their products so that they can process your order<br>
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. </li>
We may share your information with:</p> <ul> <li> <strong>Related Companies:</strong>&nbsp;NBCUniversal Affiliates, such as Sky, as well as our parent company Comcast Corporation and its affiliate, Comcast Cable, to help better tailor services, products, marketing, and advertising to you and to other existing and potential customers.
We will also share your Personal Data with our professional service providers (for example, our auditors, insurance providers, financial service providers, and legal advisors) as needed for us to run our business.</p>
As a result, some of these providers may process personal information.</p> <p>Some of our main long-term service providers:</p> <ul> <li>Live chat and support service platform – Zendesk (provided by Zendesk Inc.);</li> <li>Emailing service providers – Iterable (by Iterable Inc.), Sendgrid (by Twilio Inc.);</li> <li>Application analytics and diagnostics – Google Analytics, Firebase Analytics (provided by Google);</li> <li>AppsFlyer (by AppsFlyer Ltd.), Bugsnag (by Bugsnag Inc.);</li> <li>Conversion attribution system – Hasoffers (provided by Tune Inc.);</li>
<p>Parties with whom we may share your information:</p> <ol> <li> <p>We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that Selfie2Anime is part of, or that become part of that group (“Affiliates”).</p>
When you log into our website, we may share information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner LiveRamp.
We may share information amongst members of our corporate group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
<li>We may provide individual user information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.</li>
You agree that by using the Currency Service, information related to your payment, including your name and address, may be used by our banking partners to process your payments in jurisdictions other than the United States.</p>
<p>We share information with third parties that help us&nbsp;operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support and market our Products.</p> <p> <strong> <em>Service Providers</em> </strong>: We&nbsp;work with third-party service providers&nbsp;to provide website and application development, hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis and other services for us, which may require them to&nbsp;access or use information about you.&nbsp. If a service provider needs to&nbsp;access information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under close instruction from us, including policies and procedures designed to protect your information.</p>
<li>When you interact with Gfycat through the Services, we receive and store certain additional information that we do not use to identify you (e.g., IP address or mobile ID). Gfycat may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by Gfycat affiliates, agents or service providers.
We may share your information with:</p> <ul> <li>Affiliates, including the BURGER KING®, TIM HORTONS® and POPEYES® brands;</li> <li>Franchisees, including local owners of BURGER KING®, TIM HORTONS® and POPEYES® restaurants;</li> <li>Business partners, service providers, and social media services;</li>
Our agents and contractors have access to Information to help carry out the services they are performing for us, such as, but not limited to, fulfilment, creation, maintenance, hosting, and delivery of our Offerings, conducting marketing, providing IT services and security, handling payments, email and order fulfillment, administering promotions, competitions and prize-draws, conducting research, measurement and analytics, deriving insights, or customer service.
We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties with which we contract to help enhance the functionality of the Site and provide new products, services and content. For example, we use third parties for webinar registration and for newsletter generation. We make sure that these third parties do not use this information for any other purpose and do not share the information with any other third party. These third parties must maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and have access to your personal information only to the extent necessary to perform the function that we have requested.</p>
Your Personal Data may also be processed by our Commercial Partners (or by their respective Data Processors) for purposes that each of them defines independently.
<em>The Discovery family of companies:&nbsp. </em> </strong>&nbsp;We may share information about you within the family of Discovery companies, including our subsidiary and affiliated companies and joint venture partners, to provide and improve our products and services
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, marketing and development). These third parties have limited access to your information
1. Business partners, suppliers, contractors and other processors So that such processors may assist us in the operation, provision and enhancement of our Services.
We share the SDK Information with service providers, contractors and other companies to fulfill your orders, operate our business, communicate with you and make available our Services and this Website.
We share Personal Information in the following ways:</p> <ul> <li>within Belkin for purposes of data processing or storage.</li> <li>within Belkin's corporate group, including with our subsidiaries, affiliated companies and divisions, all of whom may use your information for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy.</li> <li>with Belkin’s service providers.
Google may share with the Third Party any Customer Data that is specific to the Third Party's Properties
These include:</p> <ul> <li>Payment processors and facilitators<br> </li> <li>Background check and identity verification providers (drivers, delivery persons and cash riders only)<br> </li> <li>Cloud storage providers<br> </li> <li>Google, in connection with the use of Google Maps in Uber’s apps (see Google’s privacy policy for information on their collection and use of data)</li> <li>
Pexgle will need to share your information, including personal information, in order to ensure the adequate performance of our contract with you.</li> <li>
We only allow our service providers to use your personal information in connection with the services they provide us.
<li>In some scenarios, a third-party may be involved in handling your information to provide a Service.
To provide you some services such as Bank connection, we share your personal data with trusted 3<sup>rd</sup> parties or banks
We will only share your information in the following circumstances:</p> <ul> <li>With third party identity verification services in order to prevent fraud. This allows CB to confirm your identity by comparing the information you provide us to public records and other third party databases.
We also share some users’ information with service providers and partners who assist us in operating the services
At times Apple may provide third parties with certain personal information to provide or improve our products and services, including to deliver products at your request, or to help Apple market to consumers. When we do, we require those third parties to handle it in accordance with relevant laws.
We may share your personal information with affiliated companies within our corporate family, with third parties with which we have partnered to allow you to integrate their services into our own Services, and with trusted third party service providers as necessary for them to perform services on our behalf
Yandex may also transfer your Personal information to its affiliates including other companies of the group to which Yandex belongs (the “Yandex Group”).
<br> Penn State may share information with contracted non-Penn State entities, third-party vendors, or service providers to provide services to you on our behalf.
We may share your personal information in the following situations:</p> <ul> <li> <strong>With Service Providers
We may share information within our family of affiliated companies.</p> <p> <b>Business Partners.</b> We may also share your information with business partners to provide you with services that you request.
We provide your Personal Information to Partners who work with us to provide our&nbsp;Service
We will share information with third party service providers to facilitate our provision of the Service or in order for such third party service provider to provide certain services on our behalf.
\We rely on some third-party service providers to enable us to provide you our services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it.
We may disclose your personal data to our suppliers or contractors in connection ,with the uses described above. For example, we may disclose:,a)any personal data in our possession to suppliers which host the servers on ,which our data is stored;
<p>We share the categories of personal information listed above with service providers and business partners to help us perform business operations
In the framework of service provision, these service providers can receive personalized data or come into contact with personalized data, and constitute third parties or recipients in the terms of the GDPR
<strong>We may share information within the ViacomCBS family of companies.</strong> We may share information we collect about you with the ViacomCBS companies for the purposes described in the How We Use Your Information
Third parties which can gain access to the Personal Data when necessary are:</p> <ul> <li>Persons which are contracted for technical assurance of the service.</li> <li>Payment processors.</li> </ul>
<p> We may share your Personal Information with third parties that perform certain services on our behalf, such as our authorized service providers or analytics providers.
<p>In order for us to provide our products and services to you, we share some of your personal information with trusted third-party service providers
In order to use your personal data in the ways described above, we may share it within YouGov, with trusted third parties who provide services to us
As a result, these partner companies will have some of your information in their systems.
We may share the information we collect with third parties as follows:</p> <ul> <li>With service providers or contractors that perform certain functions on our behalf, including processing information that you provide to us on the Site or operating the Site or portions of it.
We will only share or disclose personal information with a limited set of third-party service providers necessary to provide or develop our Services (such as database hosting)
We may share your personal information with (1)&nbsp;your consent, (2)&nbsp;our subsidiaries and affiliates,
We may share information from or about you with these third party providers so that they can perform their services or complete your requests. These third party providers may share information with us that they obtain from or about you in connection with providing their services or completing your requests.
website and application support and hosting providers
We may share your information with third-party services helping us provide our products and services.
We may disclose your User Information to: legal and regulatory authorities. our external advisors. parties who Process User Information on our behalf (“Processors”)
In order to provide service to you, your data does pass through some other services.
We may share your Personal Information with third-party service providers, but only where it’s necessary to provide any of the Services to you (e.g., email providers, server providers, etc.).
We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions.
\However, we employ other companies to perform tasks on our behalf and help us provide certain features of our Services, and may need to share your information with those companies in order to provide our Services to you. Some examples of services for which we use agents include sending email or SMS, analyzing data, providing user services, and searching for any security vulnerabilities.
We may provide your Personally Identifiable Information to affiliates that provide services to us with regards to our Website (i.e. payment processors, Website hosting companies, etc.). such affiliates will only receive information necessary to provide the respective services and will be bound by confidentiality agreements limiting the use of such information.
We disclose information to third parties who provide us with various business services, including monitoring and maintaining the website, for example.
The recipients of Personal Data that we provide include third parties such as our subcontractors, subsidiaries, and affiliates located in countries or regions other than where you are residing
In addition, parts of the Service may be hosted by a third party on our behalf. Your information may be accessed by such providers/agents, in the event that we need to share your information with them to provide our services or customer support to you.
Unterlagen, Informationen und Daten des Anwenders und seiner Mitarbeiter dürfen zur Leistungserfüllung durch HeavenHR – soweit erforderlich – diesen Subunternehmern zugänglich gemacht werden
We may share information we collect about you, including Personal Data, in the following ways: </p> <ul> <li> <strong>With third-party Service Providers
<p>We may disclose personal information to our related bodies corporate, service providers or business partners.</p> <p>
Examples include processing payments, removing repetitive information from user lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and transmitting content. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions
Data transfers may also take place within the framework of the aforementioned purposes in connection with service providers (for example: recruitment, fight against fraud, statistical analyses, data aggregation, etc.).</p> <p>
<br>We share personal information about you with service providers that help with our business activities, including shipping vendors, billing and refund vendors, payment card processors, marketing and advertising vendors, and companies that help us improve our products and services.
<p>To the extent we possess it, we may disclose personally identifiable information about you to third parties in limited circumstances.
<p>We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (Service Providers), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.</p> <p>These third parties have access to your Personal Data
<li>When companies entrusted by FC2 require the information in order to provide Service(s) to Users.
<p>We may share certain information we collect from you (including personal information) with third parties acting on our behalf (including third party payment card processors), with other financial companies for joint marketing purposes, with credit bureaus, and with other third parties.
We may also share the information we collect about you with third parties from one or more of the following categories, but only to the extent authorized by you, necessary to provide the goods or services you request, or as required by law.</p> <ul> <li>Retailers</li> <li>Credit Card Companies</li> <li>Payment Processor Companies</li> <li>Banks</li> <li>Government Agencies</li> </ul> <p>
With third parties, within the United States and in other countries, who may access data about you to perform functions on our behalf.
We share your Personal Information with third parties solely for the purpose of providing Educational Services to you and to exercise our legal rights,
We may disclose personal information to our vendors and other third-party service providers
We disclose your PI for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: </p> <ul> <li>Our affiliates</li> <li>Service providers</li> <li>Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your PI in connection with products or Services we provide to you
We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers
We may sometimes share information about you with third parties we collaborate with in connection with providing or improving our Services.
We also share your name, phone number, and home address with Experian QAS, one of our trustworthy independent web service partners, solely to confirm or “validate” the accuracy of the mailing address that you entered and to enhance the aggregate data that we and our partners are developing solely for research use. Experian QAS does not store this personal information. Your payment card information is shared with a payment card processor in order to make payment of admission application fees to the Colleges and/or Universities you have selected.</p> <p>We may also share your personal information with other third party organizations allowing us and/or them to generate aggregate data which we and/or the third party may publish, combine, or enhance with other aggregate data obtained from other sources, and/or share or distribute the aggregate only data for research purposes.
With service providers who perform services for us (see the list of our sub-processors, available here for <u>Consumer Products</u>, and here for <u>Enterprise Products</u>)
This information is not shared outside of the school or with any third parties except those needed for the provision of the service as outlined in this policy.
We and our authorised third parties will only process your personal information where we have legal grounds to do so.
In order to provide these products, services, or features thereof, it may be necessary for either you or Symbaloo to share your personal information with this third party.
We may share your personal data with affiliated companies within our corporate family, with third parties with which we have partnered to allow you to integrate their services into our own Services, and with trusted third-party service providers as necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, such as:</p> <ul> <li>Fulfilling of the Services provided to you</li> <li>Processing payments</li> <li>Serving advertisements</li> <li>Conducting contests or surveys</li> <li>Performing analysis of our Services and customer demographics</li> <li>Communicating with you, such as by way email or survey delivery</li> <li>Customer relationship management</li>
By using these interactive features, you understand that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes
When you purchase, register, or otherwise express interest in a product or service offered by a third party through Getaround or sponsored on our site, you consent to our sharing of your personal information with those parties.
We disclose the information we collect from you to service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf. These service providers may include web hosting providers, database providers, and email providers.</li> <li>
Personal data collected from you may be shared with third-party providers of Fill it Forward that process personal data on behalf of Fill it Forward such as server hosting providers, data storage providers, analytics service providers, and payment service providers.
This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users
The query includes the sending of the IP address and possibly other data required by Google for the service reCAPTCHA to Google. For this purpose, your entry will be transmitted to Google and used there.
We may share your Information with the following parties:</p> <p>a) Related Entities: These are businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that we are part of, or that become part of that group.</p>
<em>We share personal information with vendors and service providers that help us offer and improve our service.
You also grant us the right to disclose to third parties certain Registration Data about you.
<p>We share your e-mail address with Amazon Web Services (AWS) in order to send out e-mails to you
We may disclose information about you to our subsidiaries, our employees, and individuals who are our independent contractors that need to know the information in order to help us provide our Services or to process the information on our behalf.
we may transfer and disclose information, including your Personal Information, Usage Information, and Identifying Information, including IP address, to third parties
We only disclose your information to other affiliates:</p> <ul> <li>(i) to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;</li> <li>(ii) for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
In order to deliver the items, your personal details will be supplied to the third party operators of the postal service carrying out the delivery and between those contracted to carry out the transaction, who are contracted to act within the established regulations of personal data protection.
</b>We may share your personal information with our third party content providers to perform tasks on our behalf and to assist us in providing, delivering, analyzing, administering, improving, and personalizing content that are delivered as part of our Services.
<p>TacoTime ® may share personal information within the TacoTime ® organization, including, without limitation, our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We use Amazon S3 to store assets such as website files and Psiphon server discovery lists. We sometimes enable logging of downloads of these files. Analyzing these logs helps us to answer questions like how many users are starting but not completing the download of the server discovery list?, how is the downloaded data split between website assets and server discovery?, and is an attacker making a denial-of-service attempt against our websites? </p> <p> S3 bucket access logs contain IP addresses, user agents, and timestamps. These logs are stored in S3 itself, so Amazon has access to these logs.
<p>Our agents, vendors, consultants, and other service providers (collectively, “Service Providers”) may receive, or be given access to Your information, without limitation, Personal Information and Usage Information, in connection with their work on Our behalf.
To whom are we likely to transmit the provided data? <p>- To our subcontractors (web hosts, mailing tools, site security tools, forms manager,
We may share personal data with developers that provide apps on the Pico Services, our affiliated companies, service providers who act on our behalf, our partners, third parties in the context of corporate transactions, with your consent, or otherwise as required or allowed by law.</p>
To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may share Personal Information with vendors and service providers
you acknowledge that certain of your personal information may be collected, transferred, stored, recorded, shared and used by ABS-CBN and its Affiliates, and our and our Affiliates’ authorized service providers
<li>No private information&nbsp. not even your email address&nbsp. will ever actively be passed to third parties (except the third party which operates our email service on behalf of us), unless you explicitly ask us to.</li>
We use Gumroad to secure the transaction and content of our Digital Product, they have a warranty and prevent downloading our courses as they are streamed. They handle our transactions and offer a more convenient sale service experience that we can currently offer. (Email, IP, Transaction details,) </li>
To fulfil some of the activities we’ve mentioned, we may need to share your personal information with other parties. These may include specialist information technology companies, cloud service providers, mail houses or other contractors helping us to deliver our services.
We may need to share or provide information (including personal information) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, and security
We may share your personal information with third party companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate our business (such as payment processors, customer support, hosting, analytics, email delivery, marketing, database management, as well as permit and rebate application preparation and submission services.)</p>
We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work
<li>With service providers that help provide the Services pursuant to our instructions
For example, we share information with vendors who operate our Websites, run promotions, and send emails.
We may also share personal data with the service providers we use in order to transact with customers, host our website, deliver content, secure our services, store data, host and manage our open source project, market our services, and provide customer support.
We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. with vendors working on our behalf.
We allow access to your Personal Information by Service Providers that perform services for us
With Partners for the performance of Wolt Services
Information we gather is shared with vendors we use to support the infrastructure, submission, moderation, and archival requirements of arXiv.                 PENDING        Agnes_de_Lion  Staff Nerdist      We do not share your personal data with any third parties unless permitted by law. However, we may involve data processors acting on our behalf and helping us to perform our contractual services
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, providing marketing and advertising services, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may share your information when working with our suppliers in order to provide the Service.</p> <p>
Also, both SPE and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the Content and any Third-Party Service.
the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (limited to third party technical service providers&nbsp;or&nbsp;hosting providers) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner.
We may share the following user data with third parties:</p> <ol> <li>Website usage.</li> </ol> <p>We may share user data with third parties for the following purposes:</p>
We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. with vendors working on our behalf
We may share your personal information in the manner and for the purposes described below:</p> <ul> <li> <strong>with third parties who help manage our business and deliver services</strong>.
PrintFriendly discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on PrintFriendly behalf or to provide services available at PrintFriendly's websites
This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation
We engage service providers or partners to manage or support certain aspects of our business operations on our behalf.
We may share your personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, this may include merchandise vendors and payment processors. It may also include companies that send emails on our behalf or help us run our Platform.
We employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our services (such as maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of our Services' features), to provide the services on our behalf, or to assist us in analyzing how services are used. These third parties have access to your personal information                 PENDING  Agnes_de_Lion  Staff Rakuten    <strong>Disclosure to Our Service Providers</strong> </p> <p>We may share all categories of your collected personal information as necessary with our third-party service providers (which may include Company affiliates) who perform various business operations, solely for our benefit or on our behalf, under our instructions and in compliance with appropriate contractual, technical and organizational security measures to protect your data from unauthorized use, retention, or disclosure.    PENDING Agnes_de_Lion  Staff Epic Games With service providers that operate on our behalf to help support the Epic Services in accordance with our instructions                PENDING  Agnes_de_Lion  Staff Samsung    <p> We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates and with service providers who perform services for us.
<p>We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information.
To operate our website, we need the services of various third parties that may have contact with your data.
Feedly shares PI with trusted Service Providers for the business purposes of providing the Services
However, we may share your information with our third-party service providers who use that information to help us provide IT support, hosting, payment processing, customer service, and related services.<br> <strong>•
Sharing with Third-Party Partners We work with third-party partners who help us provide and improve our Products or who use Facebook Business Tools to grow their businesses, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to people around the world. We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also impose strict restrictions on how our partners can use and disclose the data we provide. Here are the types of third parties we share information with: <br>Partners who use our analytics services. We provide aggregated statistics and insights that help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with their posts, listings, Pages, videos and other content on and off the Facebook Products. For example, Page admins and Instagram business profiles receive information about the number of people or accounts who viewed, reacted to, or commented on their posts, as well as aggregate demographic and other information that helps them understand interactions with their Page or account. Advertisers. We provide advertisers with reports about the kinds of people seeing their ads and how their ads are performing, but we don't share information that personally identifies you (information such as your name or email address that by itself can be used to contact you or identifies who you are) unless you give us permission. For example, we provide general demographic and interest information to advertisers (for example, that an ad was seen by a woman between the ages of 25 and 34 who lives in Madrid and likes software engineering) to help them better understand their audience. We also confirm which Facebook ads led you to make a purchase or take an action with an advertiser. Measurement partners. We share information about you with companies that aggregate it to provide analytics and measurement reports to our partners. Partners offering goods and services in our Products. When you subscribe to receive premium content, or buy something from a seller in our Products, the content creator or seller can receive your public information and other information you share with them, as well as the information needed to complete the transaction, including shipping and contact details. Vendors and service providers. We provide information and content to vendors and service providers who support our business, such as by providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Products are used, providing customer service, facilitating payments or conducting surveys. Researchers and academics. We also provide information and content to research partners and academics to conduct research that advances scholarship and innovation that support our business or mission, and enhances discovery and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being. Law enforcement or legal requests. We share information with law enforcement or in response to legal requests in the circumstances outlined below. Learn more about how you can control the information about you that you or others share with third-party partners in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings.
We may share your information with partners and service providers (including ADT Authorized Dealers) to provide some of our service(s) and to complete our business purposes as described above.
We may disclose your Personal Data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy.</p> <p>Furthermore, we may share certain Personal Data with trusted vendors to carry out a transaction you have requested (e.g., sharing card payment information with our credit card processor to obtain payment of fees and to activate your subscription to the Service).
We may share your personal information with services providers that perform services on our behalf or help us operate the App (such as customer support, hosting, analytics, email delivery, marketing, and database management services).
Third party business partners, service providers and/or affiliates of Alibaba.com engaged by us or working with us to assist us to provide services to you or who otherwise process personal information for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your personal information
We may share your personal data with service providers who perform services on our behalf. For example, we may hire other companies to handle the processing of payments, to provide data storage, to host websites, to fulfill orders and shipments, to assist in direct marketing, analyze your interests and preferences and to conduct audits, etc. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal data they need to provide the service.
Affiliated persons or third-party service providers assisting us in the operation, management, improvement, research and analysis of the Site.</li> </ul> <br> <p> <i>Please note:</i> Affiliated persons or our third party service providers may augment, extend, and combine non-personally identifiable information with data from additional third party sources in order to assist us in our operation of the Site.</p>
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services (Service Providers), to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used.<br> <br>These third parties have access to your Personal Data
<p>Third-party service providers: We use service providers outside of the Booking.com corporate group to support us in providing our services. These include:</p> <ul> <li> <p>Customer support</p> </li> <li> <p>Market research</p> </li> <li> <p>Fraud detection and prevention (including anti-fraud screening)</p> </li> <li> <p>Payment</p> <p>We use third parties to process payments, handle chargebacks or provide billing collection services. When a chargeback is requested for your Trip Reservation, either by you or the holder of the credit card used to make the reservation, we’ll need to share certain reservation details with the payment service provider and the relevant financial institution so they can handle the chargeback. This could also include a copy of your reservation confirmation or the IP address used to make your reservation.
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.</li>
We work with a number of business partners who help us offer the Hulu Services, including, for example, our content programmers, distributors and device partners, and corporate owners. We may share information collected from or about you with such business partners, including email address, Viewing Information, information about the ads you view on Hulu and account or device information (e.g., age, gender, device type, IP address, ZIP code, advertising identifiers).
We provide personal data to vendors and services providers to help us provide the Services and for Zoom’s business purposes.
We may provide and share your PI with our business partners, advertisers, vendors and other service providers who need access to such information. These partners, advertisers, vendors and other service providers are bound to us by a non-disclosure agreement that prohibits them from using your PI for any purpose other than fulfilling their obligations to GMA Group.</p>
With the exception of Content that you have licensed to us in accordance with the Terms of Use, BeReal will not disclose to third parties any information or Personal Data provided by Users. This information and Personal Data is used exclusively by BeReal's internal services and will not be transferred or sold to third parties without your prior express consent.</p> <p>b) Communication of Personal Data for external processing purposes</p> <p>Your information and Personal Data may, where appropriate, be transmitted to third party contractors involved in the provision of the Services (technical and hosting providers, sending notifications, publishing and sharing content, user tracking and satisfaction surveys, management of security incidents or fraudulent activity, etc.).
4.4 Law Enforcement, Legal Process and Compliance <p>We may disclose Personal Data or other information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with applicable laws, in response to a facially valid court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.</p> <p>We also reserve the right to disclose Personal Data or other information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Service and any facilities or equipment used to make the Service available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights, enforce our contracts, or protect the rights, property, or safety of others.</p>
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities such as ad technology providers, authentication services, email service providers, data analyzers, and business intelligence providers for the purpose of enhancing our products and services.
We may share certain service type information, including information obtained through tools such as cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and clear gifs (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.): (i) with our third-party business partners for the purposes described in the section above on “How We Collect and Use Information.”
webSaver.ca may disclose information from the Site to any third party including law enforcement agencies to protect its rights and property in response to legal process, or in a good faith belief that disclosure is justified or required, or in an emergency situation.
2.3. Sharing your personal data with third parties <p>The RIPE NCC may engage third parties for the provision of RIPE NCC services. In such cases, personal data collected for that particular purpose may be shared with these parties.</p>
We may work with trusted third parties, including internal service providers and the Mozilla Corporation, Read It Later's parent company, to facilitate one or more aspects of the products and services that we provide to you and to conduct research related to Internet usage, and we may provide some of your personal information directly to these third parties
We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
We may partner with Facebook and other social media partners to deliver advertisements to our users via the Facebook Custom Audiences program or similar third-party programs. In order to identify and reach our users on Facebook or another third-party service, we may share information such as an email address or phone number with Facebook or another third-party service.
Who Else Has Access to My Data?<br> <p>We host the Element Matrix Services on Amazon Web Services (AWS), specifically:<br> </p> <ul> <li>Our admin server is hosted in an AWS data centre in Amsterdam;</li> <li>Our deployment server is hosted in an AWS data centre in London;</li> <li>Customer deployments have the option to select the geographical location which is the most convenient for them;</li> </ul> <p>We also host the Gitter.im app on AWS, in a datacenter based in the East of the US.<br> </p> <p>Amazon employees have access to this data. Here's Amazon's privacy policy.
</ul>For external processing<p>We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us
Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively,&nbsp;“AFFILIATES”), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your information with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.</p> <p> <strong>THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS</strong>.&nbsp;We may share your personal data with third party service providers. For example, we may share data with service providers who host our websites or provide email services on our behalf.
When you direct us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites.</li> <li>Please note that once we share your personal information with another company in the above circumstances, the information received by the other company is controlled by that company and becomes subject to the other company’s privacy practices.</li> <li>When we cooperate with financial institutions to offer co-branded products or services to you, such as our co-branded Disney Rewards Visa Card.
For example, we may share your personal data with third parties, such as analytics providers, to utilize their software tools and measure the effectiveness of our advertisements.
You agree that Shopify is permitted to contact and share information about you and your application (including whether you are approved or declined), your Shopify Payments Account, and the Processor Account with the Processor and other third parties in order to perform the Payments Services. This includes sharing information: (i) about Transactions for regulatory or compliance purposes. (ii) for use in connection with the management and maintenance of the Payments Services. (iii) to create and update our and their customer records about you, and to assist us and them in better serving you. and, (iv) to conduct our and their risk management process.
For legitimate business interests, we may share your personal information with service providers that perform certain services on our behalf, such as processing credit card payments, performing business and sales analysis, and supporting our Services’ functionality.</p> <p>
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information.
<p>We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
We may aggregate your personal information with personal information of other members and users, and disclose such information to advertisers and other third-parties for marketing and promotional purposes.
Fivestars and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “Related Companies”) may use data collected automatically through your use of the Service to analyze, improve, support and operate the Service, to help us improve the content and functionality of the Service, to better understand our users, for distribution in general benchmarking data and industry and/or other usage and demographic reports, and other business purposes.</p>
We may share information with trusted third parties, including companies who serve as our vendors and help us deliver our services and social media partners if you elect to use social media integration features.
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 5 above.</p>
You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customers' personal information related to those transactions with that third party.
Sharing with Third-Party Partners</b> <blockquote>We work with third-party partners who help us provide and improve our Products or who use Facebook Business Tools to grow their businesses, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to people around the world.
These Service Providers provide functions on our behalf such as fulfillment, shipping, credit card processing, data and tracking analysis, customer service, market services etc in order to complete the transactions and offer you the best service our Site.</p>
However, we may share personal data across our services and with other members of the PayPal corporate family. Sometimes we share the personal data we collect with third parties to help us provide services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products, and comply with legal obligations.</p>
The information provided by the User, including personal data, may be used by the Site Administration to ensure compliance with the requirements of effective Russian legislation, other applicable/relevant legislation, as well as to transfer it to the third-parties in order to protect right and interests of the Users, the Site Administration and third-parties (including in order to prevent, control/investigate and/or suppress illegal actions).
We may disclose your information to third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or appropriate government request. (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury. (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Dropbox or our users. (d) protect Dropbox’s rights, property, safety, or interest. or (e) perform a task carried out in the public interest.
<strong>Promotional offers:</strong> We may offer joint promotions or programs that, in order for your participation, will require us to share your information with third parties. In fulfilling these types of promotions, we may share your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive.
Our Site includes certain social media features, including single sign on features. We also share limited personal information with such social media platforms and marketing partners, such as Facebook and Google, to promote our services or the Fiverr marketplace.
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Adobe if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, as well as to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Adobe and our employees, our users, children, or the public as required or permitted by law.</p>
We work with third party service providers to help us provide the Services and to otherwise assist us in the operation of the Medscape Network, including in the areas of email management and deployment, analytics, marketing, advertising, market research, sweepstakes and contest administration, identity and professional credential validation, content distribution, customer service, payment fulfillment, event logistics, website maintenance and data storage and security. We may provide these service providers with personal information about users of our Services so that they can fulfill their responsibilities to us, however, we do require that they agree to limit their use of this personal information to the fulfillment of these responsibilities.</p>
Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Third-party social media and advertising networks, which usually act as separate controllers, so that we can advertise on their platforms;</li>
We may share information about how you use the NBCUniversal Services and interact with content or ads to better tailor services, products, marketing and advertising on our Services and on third-party platforms. To enable these purposes, we may share certain demographics information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, geolocation data, public and commercial information, and social media information.
<p>We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web Site. These companies may use information (generally, not including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to this Web Site and to other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
We share certain Information with third parties (e.g. other companies, retailers, research organizations, advertisers, ad agencies, advertising networks and platforms, participatory databases, publishers, and non-profit organizations) for processing generally in a hashed or de-identified form, to provide advertising to you based on your interests, including where applicable, through real-time bidding.
<p>We may share personal data we collect with third party service providers to manage, enable or facilitate certain aspects of the Services we provide and if we do so, we will have safeguards in place with such third party service providers requiring them to protect the personal data.</p> <p>We use advertising services suppliers on our Website and App, such as Exponential Interactive, Inc. (“Exponential”) and MoPub, a division of Twitter, Inc. and Twitter International Company (“MoPub”), who, along with their advertising partners, may collect and use personal data when you interact with our Website or App.
Your Data may be shared with our Commercial Partners to inform them about your decision whether or not to allow processing of your Personal Data and, if you agreed, to allow them to estimate whether the products or service for which they run advertising campaigns may be of interest to you.
We use Salesforce Marketing Cloud, a third-party service provider, to deliver our newsletters to you.
<p>In regard to the usage of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, we cooperate with authorized service providers.
</strong>We may share information with third parties with whom we have business relationships, such as our co-promotional partners, advertisers, ad networks, and data marketing services, for purposes such as offering products and services that may interest you.</p> <p>
We likewise may share the SDK Information or Data Segments we create with website operators and app developers (for instance, related to push notifications they send) for their advertising, analytics, or other purposes.</li> </ul>
<p>Uber provides data to vendors, consultants, marketing partners, research firms, and other service providers or business partners.
Where permissible according to applicable law we may use certain limited personal information about you, such as your email address, to hash it and to share it with social network websites, such as Facebook or Google, to generate leads, drive traffic to our websites or otherwise promote our products or Services. These processing activities are based on our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be interested to you.The social network websites with which we may share your personal data are not controlled or supervised by us.
<p>To support and enhance the Service, we work with a variety of third party advertising networks, marketing analytics service providers and website analysis firms, such as Google, Facebook, Oath, and Unity (collectively, “<strong>Third Party Advertising Service Providers</strong>”).
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others</dfn>, using the following data, whether separately or combined:</p> <ul>
Examples of the types of service providers we may share personal information with (other than those mentioned above) include: <ul> <li>Network infrastructure</li> <li>Cloud storage</li> <li>Payment processing</li> <li>Transaction monitoring</li> <li>Security</li> <li>Document repository services</li> <li>Customer support</li> <li>Internet (e.g. ISPs)</li> <li>Data analytics</li> <li>Information Technology</li> <li>Marketing</li>
We share your personal information and non-personal information with other parties for a variety of purposes, as described below.</p>
We share your information with third parties for the purposes of facilitating your requests (such as when you choose to share information with a social network about your activities on the Sites) and in connection with tailoring advertisements, measuring and improving our Sites and advertising effectiveness, and other enabling enhancements.
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to show advertisements
We will share information with third party service providers to facilitate our provision of the Service or in order for such third party service provider to provide certain services on our behalf. This will include:</p> <ul> <li>IT infrastructure companies that facilitate our provision of the Services to you. and</li> <li>other third party service providers, such as hosting providers or other IT service providers for the purpose of providing the Service or tracking your use of the Service and advertising and survey service providers to help us in our communication with you and to better understand your use of the Service.</li> </ul>
As part of the Facebook family of companies, WhatsApp receives information from, and shares information with, this family of companies. We may use the information we receive from them, and they may use the information we share with them, to help operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services and their offerings.
and for business purposes, including research, payment processing and transaction fulfillment, database maintenance, administering contests and special offers, technology services, deliveries, sending communications, advertising, analytics
We may share information to provide advertising based on your interests.</strong>
In addition to the uses we describe above, provided you choose to participate in this way, we may also share your data, such as survey responses, with trusted partner organisations.
When you use our Services, these third-party advertising partners may collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, mobile device identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day).
\<li>With research collaborators, but only under the condition that they are obligated to keep any personally identifying information confidential.</li> <li>
I\\ may partner with third party advertisers to provide a customized ad experience on the site that is relevant to your individual interests. In order to identify and deliver personalized advertising, we may share certain information with these partners, including hashed personal information. Likewise, our third party advertising partners may rely on information collected using Cookies on your browser to deliver relevant ad content when you visit the site.</li>
\Remind partners with third-parties to promote our Services. If you respond to one of our posts and visit or register to use our Services, we may provide these third-party companies with identifiers from your device or computer, such as an IP address or device ID, to help us analyze our user acquisition efforts. No student personal data is shared with third-party promotion services.</p>
Some of these Advertisers may collect your Personal Information that you share on the Site via a web form automatically and prior to your submission of the Personal Information (i.e., before you click, “Submit”). Advertisers may be able to use information from your Site visits to send marketing messages to you in a way that could personally identify you. The information collected by Advertisers may include your IP address, email addresses and other user and device level information.
The Personal Data collected on this website is also disclosed by ePlus to third parties acting on its behalf, for processing, communications (such as e-mailing and other mailings) and other purposes consistent with this Privacy Notice. &nbsp;These recipients include the following:</p> <ul> <li>Marketing vendors</li>
\\\We share personal information about you with service providers that help with our business activities, including shipping vendors, billing and refund vendors, payment card processors, marketing and advertising vendors, and companies that help us improve our products and services.
In addition, we may share your personal information with our business partners, such as wireless carriers, as well as third parties who operate apps and services that connect with certain of the Services.
When you use our site, pre-selected companies may access and use certain information on your device and about your interests to serve ads or personalized content.
We also may use the information that we learn about you to assist us in advertising our services on third party websites.
\</b> <br>We share the above mentioned data with a large number of buyers, such as advertisers, brands, media agencies, and other intermediaries, although not all buyers receive the same data. The list of buyers changes on a continuing basis, and for this reason we cannot include a comprehensive list here. </p>
Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information.
\We may also share location information with our affiliates including GroundTruth to enable product features and for advertising and reporting purposes.
If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins or content, information about your activities on the Services and Channels to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests may be shared with the relevant third party provider.
With Advertisers. To perform analytics and deliver relevant content and advertising, we may allow others to collect information about how you use our Services. For example, these entities may use cookies, device identifiers and similar technologies to collect information about your computer or device, the content that interests you, the places you visit, and the time you spend using different parts of our Services.
We may share data we collect with internal and external partners, such as Xandr, Verizon Media, or Facebook (see below), so that the ads you see in our products and their products are more relevant and valuable to you.</li>
Disclosures to our social media partners.</em> Personal data may be disclosed to social media partners such as Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp, Spotify and Instagram. Use of social media widgets at Yle has been further described in the Yle cookie policy.</p> </li> <li> <p> <em>Disclosure of personal data for research.</em> Any disclosures of data for research use are always assessed on a case-by-case basis. In principle, the information is only disclosed in a format from which individual persons can no longer be identified. Cookie information related to audience measurement can be disclosed for statistical and research purposes. We describe the processing of audience measurement data in more detail in our cookie policy.
We may also share your Personal Data with other Sony group companies for analytics purposes and for direct marketing purposes in accordance with applicable law.
From time to time, we may partner with other trusted brands and may share information with them if we believe they offer products and services that may be of interest to you.
\\\\\Fromm time to time, we may also make your contact information available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting.</p>
We engage service providers to provide services such as credit-card and billing processing, shipping, marketing, advertising optimization and interest-based targeting, e-mail and text message distribution, data processing, mobile and website analytics, user authentication, security, and promotions management. We may share any personal information we collect about you with these service providers and authorize them to collect personal information from you directly to support the services they provide to us.
We share your information with other Match Group companies for them to assist us in processing your information, as service providers, upon our instructions and on our behalf. Assistance provided by other Match Group companies may include technical processing operations, such as data hosting and maintenance, customer care, marketing and targeted advertising
ii. Advertisers or other Partners serving targeted advertisement on the Yandex Sites or Services. and third parties who process Personal information, such as our (IT) systems providers and/or consultants.
We may share the information we collect with vendors providing contractual services to us, such as hosting vendors, advertising service providers, and list managers.
<p>Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on noice.link, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
<p>We may share your personal information with the following recipients (and whenever we do, we will ensure that we have appropriate security and contractual safeguards in place to protect it):</p> <ul> <li>Restaurants that you have placed an Order with for processing and delivery;</li> <li>Just Eat companies within our group;</li> <li>Your employer if you use a Takeaway Pay allowance with an Order;</li> <li>Third parties who undertake various activities to promote, market or support our Services. This includes social media platforms like Facebook
\We may share or make available personal information with or to our sponsors, partners, advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies or other third parties in connection with our and their marketing, promotional, and other offers, as well as product information.
We may use personal information to create deidentified or aggregated data</em> which does not identify you or any other individual, or from which your identity cannot reasonably be ascertained. We may use and disclose deidentified, anonymous or aggregated data as we choose.</p> <strong>How We Disclose Your Personal Information</strong> <p>We share your personal information under these circumstances:</p> <p> <em>We share information with our marketing partners.</em> Flipboard may work with advertising partners to serve you third-party advertisements, including interest-based advertisements, on Flipboard and on other services.
With linked services.</em> If you link your Reddit account with a third-party service, Reddit will share the information you authorize with that third-party service. You can control this sharing as described in Your Choices below.</li> <li> <em>With our service providers.</em> We may share information with vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work for us.
We may also share certain information such as your location, browser, cookie data, and other data relating to your use of our Service with our business partners to deliver advertisements (“ads”) that may be of interest to you. wikiHow may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service.
<p>For this purpose, as well as for the security and reliability of our partner’s services (detection of spam, automated activity, fraudulent clicks on ads…), Qwant may transfer to this partner the following pseudonymous data related to your query:</p> <p>– The searched keywords;</p> <p>– The type and version of the browser used (User Agent);</p> <p>– The first three bytes of your IP address;</p> <p>– The approximate geographical area at the origin of the search, at the scale of a region or a city;</p> <p>– A salted hash generated from: your IP address, your User Agent and a salt that changes at least every 3 months.
\If we wish to pass your sensitive personal data onto a third party we will only do so once we have obtained your consent, or if it is necessary to comply with an employment contract, or we are legally required to do so.
<p>Arch may share your personal data with third parties under any of the following circumstances: </p> <ul> <li>Your publicly available personal data in the Arch account system,
We may preserve and share your information with third parties, including law enforcement, public or governmental agencies, or private litigants, within or outside your country of residence, if we determine that such disclosure is allowed by the law or reasonably necessary to comply with the law,
\<p>Ryver may share your personally identifiable information or certain content with other third parties for the purpose of providing the Service to you.
<p>We will never share your searches with anyone except services that are directly involved in answering your search request, like Bing.
\<p>We may share your personal information with vendors who provide services to us, such as fulfilling orders, providing data processing and other information technology services, managing promotions, contests, prize draws and sweepstakes, carrying out research and analysis, and personalizing individual McDonald’s customer experiences.
\We may share information about you with business partners that provide services and functionality on our services.
We may share Your personal information identified in the above categories with the following categories of third parties:</p> <ul> <li>Service Providers</li> <li>Payment processors</li> <li>Our affiliates</li> <li>Our business partners</li> <li>Third party vendors to whom You or Your agents authorize Us to disclose Your personal information in connection with products or services
We may share identifying information and performance data about your system to developers using our API
We may share your Registration Information or personal data with these third parties, but only for the purposes of performing these functions and providing such services
('We may also share personal information with service providers and/or data processors to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.',
('\nOur Service Providers:\n\nWe share your personal data with our trusted service providers and business partners that perform business operations for us on our behalf (as data processors) and pursuant to our instructions.',
('Back to top\n\n How We Share Your Personal Data\nWe share data with third parties, including our corporate family and with trusted companies that help us provide our Services in compliance with strict data security and privacy practices, as well as other third parties such as our advertising partners, and third parties offering services through our App.', array([0.78090035]))
('We may also collect information about you from our third-party marketing partners, or third-party service providers we may engage to provide you with certain aspects of our services or products, such as help desk service providers or hosting services.',
You agree and understand that this Website (and its successors’ and affiliates’) may make use of your Content for promotional or commercial purposes and to render the services pursuant to these Terms of Services.
But here’s a big warning: if you lose or forget your Memories passcode, or if you enter the wrong one too many times, you will lose access to any content you saved in the restricted area of Memories. We don’t offer any passcode recovery features for this restricted area.
This means, among other things, that you will not be entitled to any compensation if your content, videos, photos, sound recordings, musical compositions, name, image, likeness, or voice are used by us, our affiliates, users of the Services, or our business partners.
By using the Services, you understand and acknowledge that the investment and/or tax results you could obtain from investment information provided by Compound cannot be guaranteed.
To protect the integrity of the Services, Cengage reserves the right at any time in its sole discretion to block users from certain IP addresses from accessing the Services.
You agree that we can download and install updates to the Service on your device.
The Company reserves the right to cancel any reservations it believes to be in violation of the Program Rules.
If the Loyalty Program is terminated, all unredeemed Points will be forfeited without any obligation or liability, and no Award claims will be honored after the conclusion of the notice period.
The Site may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical or other errors in connection with information displayed on the Site, including, without limitation, rates, fees, stay details, or availability applicable to your transaction.  Hyatt and Hyatt hotels assume no responsibility or liability for such errors, inaccuracies, or omissions.
You may not have access to or use of your Digital Assets or Fiat Balances due to technological difficulties affecting our services and Platforms, the actions or inactions of third parties that provide services to Us, and other factors outside Our control.
(g) There may be limited or no means for the recovery of lost or stolen Digital Assets.  If you send your Digital Assets to an incorrect wallet address, it may be impossible for you to recover those Digital Assets;
(c) The value of any given Digital Asset may be unpredictable.  Relative to Fiat Currency the value of any Digital Asset may be uncertain and subject to volatility.  You should be prepared for prices to fluctuate up to 10% per day, or more;
(f) Given the character of Digital Assets there may be an increased risk of cyberattack, and in the event of a cyberattack you may not be able to access your Digital Assets and/or the value of those Digital Assets may be diminished;
You authorize us to sell assets in your account without further notice to you.
You can rapidly lose all of the funds you deposit for trading and may lose more funds than you deposit in your account.
We may require you to immediately Deposit additional funds into your account, and not doing so may lead to automatic liquidation.
We reserve the right to suspend your ability to make Withdrawals or Redemptions altogether for an indeterminate amount of time to ensure, as determined in our sole discretion, compliance with these terms or any legal, regulatory, or administrative obligation or guidance.
We may reject any Trade or other transaction at our sole discretion, whether confirmed by you or not, and we aren’t liable to you for any rejection.
We may reject or cancel a recurring or custom Trade (in whole or in part) for any reason.
our account isn't a deposit account or bank account. Your account and digital assets are not covered by insurance against losses or subject to Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or Securities Investor Protection Corporation protections or protections of any comparable organization in the world.
(b) Customer agrees that BofA has the right to grant or revoke Customer's ability to trade any one or all of the specified types of Commodity Transactions via the BofA Electronic Trading Services at any time.
Each party consents to the electronic recording, without the use of an automatic warning tone, of all telephone conversations between or among the parties and their representatives, and each party agrees to procure a similar consent from each of its representatives, as applicable.
Customer acknowledges that BofA has the right to set limits and parameters to control Customer's ability to use BofA Electronic Trading Services in BofA's absolute discretion, and Customer undertakes to comply with those limits and parameters.
Transaction in virtual currency may be irreversible, and accordingly, losses due to fraudulent or accidental transactions may not be recoverable.
Coinbase reserves the right to change applicable limits, and to refuse to raise your limits, as we deem necessary in our sole discretion.
Prompt reporting of a Security Breach does not guarantee that Coinbase will reimburse you for any losses suffered or be liable to you for any losses suffered as a result of the Security Breach.
We reserve the right to refuse to process, or to cancel, correct, clawback, or reverse, any Digital Asset Transaction or Transfers in our sole discretion, even after funds have been debited from your account(s), in response to a subpoena, court order, or other government order; or if we suspect the transaction may: involve money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, or any other type of financial crime; be erroneous; or relate to a Prohibited Use or a Prohibited Business as set forth in the Prohibited Use Polic
You cannot cancel, reverse, or change any transaction marked as complete or pending.
Consumers should rely on their own judgment in deciding which available loan product, terms, and Third-Party Provider best suit their needs and financial means
you understand that you will lose access to any content stored in your account upon closure
If your FanDuel account has no activity for twenty-four (24) months, it will be considered inactive. FanDuel will assess fee of $2. 99 per month on all inactive accounts until the account is reactivated by logging in to your account, entering a contest, making a deposit, or withdrawing funds.
If we disable your account for a violation of our Terms, the Community Standards, or other terms and policies, you agree not to create another account without our permission.
If any of the Content that you post to or through this Website contain ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to us, we will have no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to such Content, and we shall be entitled to use, exploit, or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Content in our sole discretion without any obligation to you whatsoever (i. e.  you will not be entitled to any compensation of any kind from us under any circumstances).
If you share your log in credentials with a third party, even if you share an account with them, they will have access to view all of your linked accounts.
We are not responsible for maintaining a backup of Your Content - we recommend that you keep a back-up copy of it at all times.
where we suspend or terminate all or part of WeChat, or where your access to WeChat is terminated by you or us, we do not guarantee that we will be able to return any of Your Content back to you and we may permanently delete Your Content without notice to you at any time after termination.
All taxes associated with the receipt of any prize are the sole responsibility of the winner.
All taxes associated with the receipt or use of any prize are the sole responsibility of the winner.
No substitution or transfer of prize is permitted, except that DraftKings reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal value or greater if the advertised prize is unavailable.
Players who believe that funds held by or their accounts with DraftKings, Inc. have been misallocated, compromised or otherwise mishandled, may register a complaint with DraftKings, Inc.
FanDuel, in its sole discretion, may disqualify you from a contest or the entire Service, refuse to award fantasy points or prizes and require the return of any prizes, or suspend, limit, or terminate your account if you engage in conduct FanDuel deems, in its sole discretion
Permanently blocked Users may not use the Redbubble Services through another existing or newly registered account.
Buyers may not cancel an order once it has been submitted.
It is your responsibility to make sure you are not violating anyone’s rights or breaking any laws by using the marketplace, including by publishing your content, offering products for sale that display your content “products” and otherwise using or accessing the hosting and facilitation services that Redbubble provides in connection with the marketplace, the “Redbubble services”.
Subject to applicable law, you acknowledge and agree that Redbubble may freeze or retain all or a portion of any funds in your account to satisfy your indemnity obligations in this user agreement, including to cover any past or future legal costs associated with your breach or your alleged breach that have been or reasonably could be incurred by Redbubble or the indemnified parties, or if otherwise required by a legal proceeding or the law.
Other than for the purposes of and subject to the conditions prescribed under relevant intellectual property law throughout the world and except as expressly authorized by this user agreement, you may not in any form or by any means use, adapt, reproduce, store, distribute, print, display, perform, publish or create derivative works from any part of the marketplace or commercialize any information, services obtained from any part of the marketplace without Redbubble’s prior written permission.
Company does not manufacture, store, or inspect any of the items sold through our Services.
Upon completion of sign up for the Service, Company will create a PayPal Express Checkout account on your behalf, using your Primary Email Address.  Depending on your location, Company may also create a Company Payments account on your behalf.
Upon completion of sign up for the Service, if you have been enrolled in Company Payments, Company will also create a Google Pay account on your behalf.
Upon completion of sign up for the Service, if you have been enrolled in Company Payments, Company will also create a Meta Pay account on your behalf.
We automatically create certain accounts for you to accept payments.  You are responsible for activating and deactivating these accounts and complying with their terms, which may be with various third parties, including but not limited to PayPal, Apple Pay, Google Payment and Shop Pay.
You are solely responsible for determining, collecting, withholding, reporting, and remitting applicable taxes, duties, fees, surcharges and additional charges that arise from or as a result of any sale on your Company Store or your use of the Services.
You agree that you may not use any trademarks, logos, or service marks of Company, whether registered or unregistered, including but not limited to the word mark Company, the word mark SHOP, the word mark SHOP PAY, and the “S” and shopping bag design mark (“Company Trademarks”) unless you are authorized to do so by Company in writing.
From time to time, Company may, in its sole discretion, invite you to use, on a trial basis, pre-release or beta features that are in development and not yet available to all merchants (“Beta Services”).
Company allows you to add pixels to your Company Store to enable you or a third party to track customer events (the “Company Pixel Manager”).
If at any time, we record a decline, chargeback or other rejection of a charge of any payable Fees due directly to Wix, on your Wix account (“Chargeback”), this will be considered as a breach of your payment obligations hereunder, and your use of the Wix Services may be automatically disabled or terminated.
User-Generated Content Short version: You own content you create, but you allow us certain rights to it, so that we can display and share the content you post.
'Access GitHub personnel may only access the content of your private repositories in the situations described in our Privacy Statement.
'In order for you to use our content, we give you certain rights to it, but you may only use our content in the way we have allowed.
'You may not use the API to download data or Content from GitHub for spamming purposes, including for the purposes of selling GitHub users' personal information, such as to recruiters, headhunters, and job boards.
'This license includes the right to do things like copy it to our database and make backups; show it to you and other users; parse it into a search index or otherwise analyze it on our servers; share it with other users; and perform it, in case Your Content is something like music or video.
//////////////adding other, non unique, but dangerous falgs to this
'The applicable price is the price at the time you submit your order (we reserve the right to change prices over time, and we do not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price drop or promotional offering).
We may delete any Content, in whole or in part, that in our sole judgment violates this Agreement or may harm the reputation of the Service.
Although Tinder reserves the right to review and remove Content that violates this Agreement, such Content is the sole responsibility of the member who posts it, and Tinder cannot guarantee that all Content will comply with this Agreement.
That means that such purchases are FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE.
You agree that any such advice and content is provided for informational, educational, or entertainment purposes only, and does not constitute legal, financial, tax planning, medical, or other advice from NerdWallet.
You agree that NerdWallet is not liable for any advice provided by third parties.
In addition, NerdWallet in its sole discretion may suspend or terminate your user account and/or suspend or terminate some or all of your access to the Services at any time, with or without notice to you.
NERDWALLET DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF, AND DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR, ANY ERRORS OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, RECOMMENDATIONS, AND MATERIALS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES.
THE INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES IS PROVIDED SOLELY FOR INFORMATIONAL, EDUCATIONAL, OR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX PLANNING, MEDICAL, OR OTHER ADVICE.
NERDWALLET ACTS SOLELY AS AN INTERMEDIARY BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY CONTENT, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY SUCH SERVICE PROVIDERS.
NerdWallet reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, some or all of the Services at any time without any notice or further obligation to you.
By using the Link My Account Service you grant NerdWallet and its third party service provider, Plaid, Inc., permission to access your third party financial accounts designated by you.
NerdWallet does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of the opinions and advice posted on the Forum.
Your use of any user content provided in the Forum is at your own risk. ii) NerdWallet may, but is not required to, monitor Forum content and reserves the right to edit, correct or delete any Forum content for any reason at our sole discretion. iii) You hereby grant to NerdWallet a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, translate, transmit, display, perform and distribute any content, information or material you submit or post to the Forum, in any medium now in existence or hereafter developed, for any purpose, including commercial uses.
You waive all moral rights and similar rights you may have in such content, information and material. iv) We may terminate a user’s access or ability to use the Forum, immediately, without notice, and at our sole discretion, for user’s failure to comply with any terms or conditions of the Terms or Community Guidelines. e) Tax Preparation.
If you do not check-in by then you may be denied boarding without refund.
For safety and security reasons we may ask to scan and search you, and to search, scan or X-ray your baggage.
2 If you do not allow us to scan and search you, or to search, scan or X-ray your baggage, we may refuse to carry you and your baggage.
9 is in your carry-on baggage or checked-in luggage, we will not be responsible for any loss of or damage to that item.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage caused during the inspection or through you failing to keep to this condition.
All Regular fares are non-refundable, except where clause 4.
All Plus fares are non-refundable, except where clause 4.
All Family Plus fares are non-refundable, except where clause 4.
All Flexi Plus fares are non-refundable, except where clause 4.
We also may share information about misuse or harmful content with other Meta Companies or law enforcement.
Instagram is part of the Meta Companies, which share technology, systems, insights, and information-including the information we have about you (learn more in the Privacy Policy) in order to provide services that are better, safer, and more secure.
To operate our global Service, we must store and transfer data across our systems around the world, including outside of your country of residence.
When you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (like photos or videos) on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings).
We shall bear no responsibility for any damage and other negative consequences, such as denied boardings, cancellations of the Carrier Reservations, cancellations of loyalty programs of the Third-Party Service Providers, etc., related to the fact that we have brokered the Third-Party Services with the Third-Party Service Providers (especially Carriers) under the conditions of these General Terms and conditions chosen in the Booking.
Content Removal and Disabling or Terminating Your Account We can remove or restrict any content or information you share on the Service if we believe that it violates these Terms of Use, our policies (including our Instagram Community Guidelines), or we are required to do so by law.
We can also terminate or change the Service, remove or block content or information shared on our Service, or stop providing all or part of the Service if we determine that doing so is reasonably necessary to avoid or mitigate adverse legal or regulatory impacts on us.
It may take up to 90 days to delete content after the deletion process begins.
After the content is deleted, it may take us up to another 90 days to remove it from backups and disaster recovery systems.
Content will not be deleted within 90 days of the account deletion or content deletion process beginning in the following situations: where your content has been used by others in accordance with this license and they have not deleted it (in which case this license will continue to apply until that content is deleted); or where deletion within 90 days is not possible due to technical limitations of our systems, in which case, we will complete the deletion as soon as technically feasible; or where deletion would restrict our ability to: investigate or identify illegal activity or violations of our terms and policies (for example, to identify or investigate misuse of our products or systems); protect the safety and security of our products, systems, and users; comply with a legal obligation, such as the preservation of evidence; or comply with a request of a judicial or administrative authority, law enforcement or a government agency; in which case, the content will be retained for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it has been retained (the exact duration will vary on a case-by-case basis).
Our Platform is not a recommendation or endorsement of any Service Provider or its products, services, facilities, vehicles, etc.
It’s your responsibility to ensure you’re on time – and if you aren’t, we are not responsible for any associated costs (e.g. the cancellation of your Booking, or any fees the Service Provider may charge).
We reserve the right to audit any and all accounts in the Rewards & Wallet programme at any time and without notice to the Member, to ensure compliance with the Rewards & Wallet programme or investigate (alleged) fraud or misuse.
If you cancel a Travel Experience that you have already paid for (in part or in full) with Rewards, the Service Provider’s cancellation policy will determine whether or not your money and/or Rewards are refunded.
If a Reward was issued because you booked a Travel Experience, any associated Rewards that haven’t been spent will be deleted from your Wallet if that Travel Experience is cancelled.
We reserve the right to, without notice, cancel any Reward that was obtained by fraud or misuse.
All data, including personal data, will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement and applicable data protection laws and regulations.
We keep a close eye on every visit to our Platform, and we’ll block anyone (and any automated system) we suspect of: conducting an unreasonable amount of searches using any device or software to gather prices or other information doing anything that places undue stress on our Platform.
We may help you communicate with your Service Provider, but that doesn’t mean we’re taking responsibility for the Travel Experience or anything the Service Provider does/doesn’t do.
If you don't cancel on time, you won't be entitled to a refund.
By arranging travel to or from any location, we are not guaranteeing that it is without risk – and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we will not be liable for any resulting damages or losses.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, we do not promise to provide you with any support for the Services.
If we provide you with support, it is at our sole discretion and does not mean that we will continue to provide you with support in the future.
We reserve the right to charge fees for use of or access to the Services (and any associated support), whether currently in existence or not, in our sole discretion.
We may remove and refuse to display content that violates the Terms or applicable laws or regulations, but that does not mean that we monitor the Services or review or screen any content.
By using or accessing the Services you understand and agree that you may be exposed to offensive, indecent, or objectionable content.
Unless stated differently for your country in Section 14, we may, without notice, add or remove functionalities or features, create new limits to the Services, or temporarily or permanently suspend or stop a Service.
Unless stated differently for your country in Section 14, we may temporarily or permanently suspend or terminate your account or impose limits on or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services at any time, without notice and for any reason, including, but not limited to, violation of these Terms, court order, or inactivity.
YAHOO ENTITIES ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, DIMINUTION IN VALUE, INCLUDING ANY ALLEGED LOSS OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER LOSSES (COLLECTIVELY, “LOSSES”) ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSSES RESULTING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH: THE DELETION OF, ALTERATION OF, MIS-DELIVERY OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY THE SERVICES; THE LIMITING, SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT; YOUR DOWNLOADING OR SHARING OF INFORMATION, INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION, VIA THE SERVICES; THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR ACCOUNT OR ANY DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY THE SERVICES; LINKS PROVIDED BY THE SERVICES OR THIRD PARTIES TO EXTERNAL SITES OR RESOURCES; YOUR DEALINGS WITH OR PARTICIPATION IN PROMOTIONS OF ADVERTISERS FOUND ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES; OR ANY GOOD OR SERVICES SOLD BY SUCH ADVERTISERS.
Feedback You agree that any recommendation, idea, proposal, suggestion, feedback or other input (“Feedback”) you submit to us related to our products, services, websites, apps, or technology may be used by us without any notice, obligation, restriction, reimbursement or compensation to you and you waive (or agree not to enforce) any and all rights that may now or in future exist (including moral and equivalent rights) in any Feedback.
We, in our sole discretion, may change, discontinue or terminate any or all aspects of a fee-based Service without notice, including access to support services, content and other products or services ancillary to the fee-based Service, subject to providing an appropriate refund for any portions of a specified but no longer available term.
After 30 days from the date of any unpaid charges, your fee-based Service will be deemed delinquent and we may terminate or suspend your account and fee-based Service for nonpayment.
You are liable for any fees, including attorney and collection fees, incurred by us in our efforts to collect any remaining balances from you.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE AND THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES INVOLVE THE COLLECTION, STORAGE, PROCESSING, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION AND USER DATA, INCLUDING THE TRANSFER OF INFORMATION AND DATA TO OTHER COMPANIES AND TERRITORIES, AS STATED IN THE PRIVACY POLICY.
Despite Subsection (f) above and without prejudice to your statutory rights, we may, without notice, temporarily or permanently suspend or cancel your account or impose limits on or restrict your access to parts or all of your account or the Services: if you violate, or we believe you are about to violate, the Terms, including any incorporated agreements, policies or guidelines; in response to requests by law enforcement or other government agencies under valid legal process; due to unexpected technical or security issues or problems; or if your account shows extended periods of inactivity in accordance with our account deletion policy.
You agree that if you start using the fee-based Service before the end of the cancellation period you will be liable for all charges incurred up to the date of cancellation.
Perform a safety check on the Product before you use it, including all of these: Did you check its general condition (wheels, tires, etc.)?
We expect that other than normal wear and tear, you’ll return (meaning locking up and deactivating) a Product in the same condition in which you received it.
If you damage it (accidentally or intentionally), or fail to properly return it and damage occurs, you’ll be responsible for the associated costs.
If you are unable to return a Product to a valid area (for example, you have to leave it on private property, in a locked community or an otherwise unreachable area), and you ask that we pick that Product up, we may charge you a pick-up fee of up to £95.
The applicable price is the price at the time you submit your order (we reserve the right to change prices over time, and we do not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price drop or promotional offering).
We may cancel your subscription for any or no reason on 30 days’ prior written notice to you.
We may also cancel your subscription if you fail to pay amounts due, or if you are in material breach of these Terms.
If we do so, you are required to pay us back plus a reasonable administrative fee plus any applicable costs associated with third party collection or administrative agents if we have to use them to resolve the issue.
Subject to this and to the extent permitted by applicable law, if you are a consumer and not a business customer, in no event shall the Released Parties be liable to you for any indirect or consequential losses or loss of data, and if you are a business customer, in no event shall the Released Parties be liable to you for any indirect or consequential losses, or for any loss of profit, revenue, contracts, data, goodwill or other similar losses.
If you submit feedback or suggestions about our Services, we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you.
In addition, the Services may be subject to malfunctions and delays inherent in the use of the Internet and electronic communications.
to operate our global Services, we need to store and distribute content and information in data centers and systems around the world, including outside your country of residence.
As part of the Meta Companies, WhatsApp receives information from, and shares information with, the Meta Companies as described in WhatsApp's Privacy Policy, including to provide integrations which enable you to connect your WhatsApp experience with other Meta Company Products; to ensure security, safety, and integrity across the Meta Company Products; and to improve your ads and products experience across the Meta Company Products.
If you violate our Terms or policies, we may take action with respect to your account, including disabling or suspending your account and, if we do, you agree not to create another account without our permission.
e may also disable or delete your account if it does not become active after account registration or if it remains inactive for an extended period of time.
When you create an account, your account details will sync across the Platform, including across each TikTok app.
We record the number of times your account has violated our Terms.
If we have previously terminated your account for breaches of these Terms or Community Guidelines, but you use our Platform again (for example, by opening another account), we are entitled to suspend or terminate any such accounts.
For the avoidance of doubt, if we suspend or terminate your account, or you delete your account, you will lose access to all TikTok apps, including TikTok and TikTok Now.
You are responsible for the security of your account, and you agree to notify us immediately if you believe your account has been compromised.
In addition, you may be held liable for any losses incurred by us or another party due to someone else using your Account.
You alone, though, remain responsible for the Content you create, upload, post, send, or store through the Service.
We reserve the right to change, cancel and/or restrict these promotional offers at our sole discretion and at any time.
Viber may assign its rights and obligations set forth herein at any time, at its sole discretion, to any of our affiliates or in connection with a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise.
We may change the terms or the price of the Viber Out Subscriptions at any time and if you have a recurring purchase, we will notify you by email, or other reasonable manner, at least 15 days before the price change.
If you do not agree to the price change, you must cancel the Viber Out Subscription and stop using the Premium Services before the price change takes effect.
We may offer distinctive features or services in each plan, add new features or change or cancel any existing features or functionalities at our sole discretion.
Account Security You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the passwords associated with your account and for restricting access to your passwords and physical access to your computer while logged into the Services.
Periscope will not be liable for any loss that may incur because of someone else using Company passwords or accounts, either with or without Company users’ knowledge.
However, Company users could be held liable for losses incurred by Periscope or another party due to someone else using Company accounts or passwords.
MeWe will notify any such users whose accounts it intends to delete, by email or SMS, if they have been inactive for greater than 5 months and provide those users with a minimum of 30 days’ notice and options on how to keep their content and account at MeWe or how to download their content onto their personal computers.
Payment: When you purchase a Premium Service that is paid for by you through recurring payments, you agree that you are authorizing recurring payments, and that such payments and thereby subscription will be made by the method and at the recurring intervals you have agreed to, until the subscription is terminated by you or by MeWe.
If you fail to maintain control of a device, other users may access the Service through your account and may be able to access certain of your account information.
We may share your phone numbers with our affiliates or with our service providers (such as customer support, billing or collections companies, and text message service providers) who we have contracted with to assist us in pursuing our rights or providing our Services under these Terms of Service, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you.
Refunds are not available for accounts which have violated the terms of service; violations are determined at MasterClass's sole discretion.
If you select a Service with an auto renewal feature (“Recurring Subscription”), you authorize MasterClass to maintain your account information and charge that account automatically upon the renewal of the Service you choose with no further action required by you.
MasterClass may change the price for Recurring Subscriptions from time to time and will communicate any price changes to you in advance and, if applicable, how to accept those changes.
2 Third Party Material: Under no circumstances will MasterClass be liable in any way for any content or materials of any third parties (including users), including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any such content.
You acknowledge that MasterClass does not pre-screen content, but that MasterClass and its designees will have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is available via the Service.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the Service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the Service at any time, without notice to you.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
If you are an individual acting on your company’s or client’s behalf, you accept these provisions on their behalf and the term “you” will refer to you, your company, or your client.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY MATERIAL AND/OR INFORMATION DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE ARISING THEREFROM.
If you sign up for a free trial or promotional offer, your subscription will automatically convert to a paid subscription unless you cancel before the end of the trial or promotional period.
We may limit the maximum amount of funds: that you may have deposited in your portfolio; that you can add daily or monthly to said portfolio; either that you can spend using your wallet.
Ubisoft reserves the right to update such limits from time to time at its sole discretion.
As we feel it necessary, in our reasonable discretion (or as prescribed by law), we may limit the total amount of Game Currency that may be purchased for any one game or that may be held in your account in the aggregate.
Additionally, price and availability of Game Currency and Virtual Goods are subject to change.
You consent to the use of your name, addresses (city and state) and video and photographs of your name and likeness without further compensation or notification in any publicity, promotion or advertising in connection with the Submission in any media format worldwide in perpetuity, except where prohibited by law.
Except where prohibited, participation in the Giveaway constitutes Participant’s consent to Postmates’ use of Participant’s Submission, name, likeness, voice, opinions, testimonial, gift request, biographical information, hometown and state for promotional purposes in any media without further payment or consideration.
In certain cases, you may not close your Venmo account, including: To evade an investigation.
We may set limits on your bank transfers and debit card transfers, and you can view bank transfer and debit card transfers limits on the Personal Profile Bank Transfer Limits page, the Business Profile Payment and Transfer Limits page, and the Charity Profile Payment and Transfer Limits page, as applicable.
We may restrict the use of your Venmo account, including any business profile, if the selling activity through the account, including any business profile, reaches certain thresholds, involves certain activities or violates any terms between you and us.
You authorize us to receive, hold, and disburse funds on your behalf.
As a result, User Content that you provide to those features of the Services are not considered private or confidential.
You represent and warrant that the posting and use of your User Content, including to the extent that your User Content include your name, username, likeness, voice, or photograph, does not violate, misappropriate or infringe on the rights of any third party, including without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark and other intellectual property rights.
Tinder, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to charge fees for the right to access or use Virtual Items and may distribute Virtual Items with or without charge.
Third Party Services and Third Party Output are subject to their own terms, and we are not responsible for them.
Due to the nature of our Services and artificial intelligence generally, output may not be unique and other users may receive similar output from our Services.
When you use our Services you understand and agree: Output may not always be accurate.
You should not rely on Output from our Services as a sole source of truth or factual information, or as a substitute for professional advice.
If Output references any third party products or services, it doesn’t mean the third party endorses or is affiliated with OpenAI.
If we increase our subscription prices, we will give you at least 30 days’ notice and any price increase will take effect on your next renewal so that you can cancel if you do not agree to the price increase.
We also may terminate your account if it has been inactive for over a year and you do not have a paid account.
WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ACCURATE OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT ANY CONTENT WILL BE SECURE OR NOT LOST OR ALTERED.
YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE THAT ANY USE OF OUTPUTS FROM OUR SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND YOU WILL NOT RELY ON OUTPUT AS A SOLE SOURCE OF TRUTH OR FACTUAL INFORMATION, OR AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL ADVICE.
Limitation of Liability NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, OR DATA OR OTHER LOSSES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
If your name, voice and image appear in content you post, we also might use those on the site or in our day-to-day business.
Compound reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without notice, to amend or change its pricing policy for its current Services or any additional services that we may offer.
Compound, however, is not responsible for and cannot guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of Account Information we retrieve on your behalf directly, from third-party technology providers, from third-party financial institutions where your accounts are held, or from third-party research/market data providers used to provide the Services.
Compound assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, accuracy, deletion, non-delivery or failure to store any user data, loss of user data, communications or personalization settings.
For compliance and regulatory purposes, we reserve the right to keep an audit trail of all financial insights or investment advice that we provided to you.
his scanning and analysis may occur before, during, or after the message is sent, or while in storage, and may result in your message being delayed or withheld. eBay may store message contents, including to conduct this scanning and analysis.
Stack Overflow reserves the right to assign our rights and obligations under these Public Network Terms (in whole or in part) without your consent to a corporate affiliate, or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate restructure or reorganization, or due to the sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
Unless otherwise expressly provided, eBay has no control over and does not guarantee: the existence, quality, safety, or legality of items advertised; the truth or accuracy of users' content or listings; the ability of sellers to sell items; the ability of buyers to pay for items; or that a buyer or seller will actually complete a transaction or return an item.
Buyers generally do not have the right to cancel an order.
You agree to make us whole for any losses, including expenses we incur to recoup such losses, arising out of your abuse of the eBay Money Back Guarantee, or any fraud you commit in connection with the eBay Money Back Guarantee.
We are not a bank and funds are not insured by any government agency.
Similarly, relatives of Unauthorised Persons are not permitted to register with Us or to use directly or indirectly any of the Facilities.
Account balances cannot be transferred, substituted or redeemed for any other prize.
Once Your Account has been deemed Inactive We will be entitled to charge You an administrative fee (the 'Inactive Account Fee').
Where We have terminated pursuant to section 17, any payouts, bonuses and winnings in Your Account are non-refundable and deemed forfeited.
2 above, We and/or any Group company shall additionally be entitled (but not obliged) to suspend any funds You may deposit (or have previously deposited) in any Additional Group Account.
We may report and withhold any amount from Your winnings in order to comply with any applicable law.,
By submitting or authorizing us to display Your Content, you hereby grant to us a worldwide, unrestricted, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully-paid, and royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense through unlimited levels of sublicenses) to use, reproduce, copy, process, modify, publish, translate, transmit, perform, display, create derivative works of, adapt, and distribute Your Content in any and all media (now known or later developed) throughout the world and display your name, images, likeness, voice, video, and any such other Content that you submit, link, or otherwise make available through the services, throughout the world in any manner or media, on or off the services including for purposes of promoting our services.
We are not responsible for, and do not endorse, any third-party Content, including linked content, ads and information about third-party products and services, job ads, the employer and salary-related information provided by others, or the opinions of any third party, including panelists, group leaders, or other users, including those involved in audio or video events, or translations, transcriptions, or captions of any Content; We make no guarantees about the accuracy, currency, suitability, reliability, or quality of the information or Content on or linked to via our services, including translations, transcriptions, or captions; and We assume no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful Content made available by users, advertisers, and third parties.
1e also collect and share personal data with third party service providers acting on our behalf, including providers of analytics services that may record or log your activities on our services, including text you enter, pages you visit, and features you interact with.
Therefore, your profile picture, company name, title, and other general information (but not including your semi-/anonymous Content submissions) will be visible to the public and available via search.
We may deduct funds from your PSN Wallet to pay any debt owed by you to us.
If your behaviour suggests a risk to our staff, our community or our business we may suspend your account and escalate the matter to law enforcement.
If you cancel a pre-order you will no longer be entitled to any promotional products offered with the pre-order.
You will not be able to change your mind and cancel your digital content purchase once you begin to download the content;
If your Wallet Funds are enough to pay the price, we deduct the funds from your PSN Wallet; ‎15.
REVISIONS AND RELATION TO OTHER AGREEMENTS OR DISCLOSURES Schwab may revise the SOSA at any time, and you agree to be bound by future revisions.
Please keep in mind that extended periods of inactivity may also result in your enrollment in a Schwab Service being canceled.
The license granted under the SOSA will terminate if Schwab believes that any information provided by you, including your e-mail address, is no longer current or accurate, or if you fail to otherwise comply with any term or condition of the SOSA and all Rules and Guidelines for each Schwab Service.
Investment returns will fluctuate and are subject to market volatility, so that an investor's shares, when redeemed or sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
Access to Electronic Services may be limited or unavailable during periods of peak demand, market volatility, systems upgrade, maintenance, or for other reasons. © 2023 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc All rights reserved.
Essay LP shall not be required to refund to you any amounts prepaid, if any, for use of the Website or any Services if Essay LP has terminated your account or your use of, or access to, the Website and/or any of the Services for breach of these Terms of Use.
Essay LP may also terminate your access to the Website without notice at any time for any reason whatsoever, and any fees or charges paid by you in advance, if any, shall be refunded on a pro rata basis.
For greater certainty, Essay LP may suspend or terminate your access to the Website or the Services, as described in section 7 of these Terms of Use, if you breach any of the foregoing use restrictions.
Essay LP does not guarantee or warrant continuous or uninterrupted availability of the Website or the Services.
When you use voice services, we process your voice input and other information (such as location) in the cloud to respond to your requests and to improve your experience and our services.
We reserve the right to refuse payments at our reasonable discretion including but not limited to, if we suspect fraudulent and/or illegal activity.
We reserve the right to restrict access to Content in higher resolution quality
You consent to the recording of any or all electronic, written or telephonic correspondence, interactions, or conversations between you, us and any of our Affiliates in connection with this Agreement or the Services and agree and understand that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any legal proceeding relating to this Agreement.
You agree not to disclose or share any of our Confidential Information with any third party, including, without limitation, any members of the press or colleagues.
Before making financial, investment or tax decisions, we recommend that you contact an investment advisor, or tax or legal professional.
All investments entail a risk of loss and you may lose money as well as have tax consequences.
Financial insights Your financial account information, along with optional personal and financial information you may provide, are used to generate financial insights.
StarNow reserves the right to refuse or cancel any membership without explanation.
We reserve the right to award prizes unclaimed after these periods to alternative prize winners or not to award them at all.
If StarNow removes your membership due to a breach of your agreement with StarNow, no refund will be given.
We shall not be held liable for any loss, damage or consequences as a result of inaccurate or incomplete information we receive from you.
StarNow can reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display your information (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed.
If required by law, we may also need to suspend, restrict, or terminate your access to Disney Products.
Personalized Goods: We reserve the right to refuse personalized orders at our discretion.
Please be aware, however, that User Content is not confidential and may be accessible by other users and the public.
In most instances, we do not claim ownership of your User Generated Content; however, you grant us a non-exclusive, sublicensable, irrevocable and royalty-free worldwide license under all copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, privacy and publicity rights and other intellectual property rights for the full duration of those rights to use, reproduce, transmit, print, publish, publicly display, exhibit, distribute, redistribute, copy, index, comment on, modify, transform, adapt, translate, create derivative works based upon, publicly perform, publicly communicate, make available, and otherwise exploit such User Generated Content, in whole or in part, in all media formats and channels now known or hereafter devised (including in connection with the Disney Products and on third-party websites, services, applications, and/or platforms), in any number of copies and without limit as to time, manner and frequency of use, without further notice to you, without attribution (to the extent this is not contrary to mandatory provisions of applicable law), and without the requirement of permission from or payment to you or any other person or entity.
You also agree to waive and not to enforce any moral rights, ancillary rights or similar rights in or to the User Generated Content against us or our licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users, and agree to procure the same agreement to waive and not to enforce from others who may possess such rights.
We may terminate your account and access to the Disney Products if your User Generated Content violates this Agreement, including unlawful postings or content, without prior notice to you.
EA Virtual Currency is non-refundable, and you are not entitled to a refund for any unused EA Virtual Currency.
We will never sell your Content to other platforms, though we may sell or transfer any license you grant to us in the Terms of Service in the event of a sale of our company or its assets to a third party.
Don’t assume you’ll be able to immediately collect your funding; there may be a delay between the end of a successful campaign and your access to the funds.
If your final destination is not the same as the destination in your ride request, or the time or distance of your ride differs substantially from your quoted fare, or if you attempt to abuse the Lyft Platform, we may, at Lyft’s sole discretion and determination, cancel the fare quote and charge you a variable fare as described below.
Each person may only create one User account, and Lyft reserves the right to deactivate any additional or duplicate accounts.
Should the amount of our authorization exceed the total funds on deposit in your account, you may be subject to overdraft of NSF charges by the bank issuing your debit or prepaid card.
Lyft reserves the right (but is not obligated) to verify or otherwise require documentation of damages prior to processing the Damage Fee.
Any balances you hold with Lincoln Savings Bank or nbkc bank, including but not limited to those balances held in Acorns Checking accounts are added together and are insured up to $250,000 per depositor through Lincoln Savings Bank or nbkc bank, Members FDIC.
If Gusto is unable to collect fees due because of insufficient funds in User’s Bank Account or for any other reason, User must pay the amount due immediately upon demand, plus any applicable exceptions processing fees, bank fees, or charges for return items, plus interest at the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by law, plus attorneys’ fees and other costs of collection as permitted by law.
7 Removal of Website Content and Agreement to CSAM Scanning and Reporting If your use of the Platform or any of your Website Content ( 1 ) breaches the terms of this Agreement, including but not limited to the Acceptable Use Policy, or ( 2 ) causes or may cause harm to Webflow, our customers, our customers’ End Users or third parties, we reserve the right to limit, remove, archive, or otherwise disable some or all of your Website Content, Account(s), or access to the Platform in our sole discretion.
We may delay processing of or hold or cancel processing of any Payment Transaction upon the direction of the Merchant or if we believe, in our sole discretion, that the transaction is invalid, suspicious, involves misconduct or fraud, or otherwise violates Applicable Law and Rules, these Terms of Service, or any other policies.
Indemnification To the fullest extent permitted by law, you are responsible for your use of the Websites and Services, and you shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us and our employees, officers, directors, agents, contractors, and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, that arise from or relate to your Services Content, User Content, your End Users, or your access to or use of the Websites and Services, including your breach of this TOS or applicable law, willful misconduct, negligence, illegal activity, breach of security or data, unauthorized access to or use of your Account, or infringement of a third party’s right, including any intellectual property, confidentiality, property or privacy right.
Vercel will have no liability to you for any unauthorized access or use of any of Your Content or any corruption, deletion, destruction or loss of any Your Content to the extent that is attributable, in whole or in part, to your misconfigurations or an insecurity in your website or project, malware or malicious content in your website, Your Content or project.
G2 does not guarantee accuracy of any Output generated by a Chatbot.
An account is considered dormant/inactive if it has had no activity for a period of six (6) months.
FREE SERVICES MAY BE SUSPENDED, TERMINATED, OR DISCONTINUED AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON (OR NO REASON).
BY USING THE HANDY PLATFORM AND EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, THE REQUESTER AGREES TO HOLD HANDY FREE FROM THE RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LIABILITY OR DAMAGE THAT MIGHT ARISE OUT OF THE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES.
By using any third-party plugin and/or software extension, You understand and accept that the use of the third-party plugin and/or software extension is solely at Your own risk.
Refunds Payment obligations are non-cancelable, and fees paid are non-refundable and there are no credits for partially used Subscription periods.
We use subcontractors to provide certain aspects of the Services and in some cases permit them to access Customer Data subject to appropriate obligations of security, confidentiality and compliance with applicable laws.
If you chose to enable a third party service that complements the Services, please be sure you understand whether you will be sharing any data with the provider of such service, and what you will be permitting the provider to do to such data.
3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN NO EVENT WILL TOAST BE LIABLE UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, EVEN IF TOAST HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN HAS FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
ANY DATA CUSTOMER ENTERS INTO THE FIGMA PLATFORM DURING A FREE TRIAL MAY BE PERMANENTLY LOST UNLESS CUSTOMER PURCHASES A SUBSCRIPTION TO THE FIGMA PLATFORM TRIALED, PURCHASES A SUBSCRIPTION TO THE FIGMA PLATFORM THAT IS AN UPGRADE TO THE SUBSCRIPTION TRIALED, OR EXPORTS SUCH DATA, BEFORE THE END OF THE TRIAL PERIOD.
If any invoiced amount is not received by Algolia by the due date, then without limiting Algolia’s rights or remedies: (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 1.
You may not assign, transfer or sublicense without the prior written consent of Vercel, but Vercel may assign or transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, without restriction.
Headspace reserves the right to determine if you are a Qualified User in our sole discretion.
4: Basecamp reserves the right to charge interest at the applicable rates for late payment.
ClickFunnels in its sole discretion may charge a cancellation fee equal to the amount the subscription was discounted.
a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable license with a right to sub-license to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform the Content to the extent required for the provision of the Sketch Platform.
Except as otherwise set forth herein or expressly agreed between the parties, any and all fees paid to us are non-refundable and any and all fees still owed to us at the time of such termination shall be immediately due and payable.
48: Deposits are non-refundable and can not be transferred to any other person unless agreed to by Basecamp management.
By providing your User Content via the Websites, you grant to our other users a non-exclusive license to access and use your User Content as permitted by this TOS and the functionality of the Websites.
1 Confidential Information We (the “Discloser”) have disclosed or may disclose proprietary or non-public business, technical, financial, or other information (“Confidential Information”) to you (the “Recipient”).
Account Security You may not use anyone else’s Account at any time and you may not allow anyone else to use your Account at any time.
Blinkist reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change prices of audiobooks and credits, at any time.
3 Your Responsibility to Backup your Website Content You alone are responsible for any of your Website Content that may be lost or unrecoverable through your use of the Platform.
6 You are responsible for properly configuring and using the Services and taking your own steps to maintain appropriate security, protection and backup of your Services Content, which may include the use of encryption technology to protect your Services Content from unauthorized access and routine archiving your Services Content.
Intercom reserves the right to adjust pricing for any service plan and/or any Service(s) to the then-current list price upon the start of any renewal term. a) Baseline Monthly Fee.
V., its Affiliates, personnel, subcontractors or agents shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by You as a result of: any changes which Sketch B.
1 Limitation of Liability TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE BUFFER ENTITIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, OR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF, OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SERVICE OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT ON THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ANY BUFFER ENTITY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE.
At any time and without notice, Notion reserves the right to (a) modify the terms and conditions of any Free Trial offer; (b) cancel any Free Trial offer; or (c) cancel any Free Trial Subscription at any time.
We are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable.
ClickFunnels reserves the right to modify its Privacy Statement and DPA in its reasonable discretion from time-to-time.
We reserve the right to terminate the account of anyone found to be infringing on a copyright or otherwise in violation of this section.
All limitations of access, suspensions, and terminations for cause shall be made in Algolia’s sole discretion and Algolia shall not be liable to Subscriber or any third party for any termination of Subscriber’s account or access to the Services.
2 By providing your User Content to or via the Websites, you grant DigitalOcean a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid right and license (with the right to sublicense) to host, store, transfer, display, perform, reproduce, modify for the purpose of formatting for display, and distribute your User Content, in whole or in part, in any media formats and through any media channels.
You agree to indemnify Headspace and its affiliates for all claims arising from or in connection with any claims to any rights in your User Material or any damages arising from your User Material. ‍ 7.
Customer represents and warrants to Intercom that Customer has all necessary rights, consents and permissions to collect, share and use all Customer Data as contemplated in this Agreement (including granting Intercom the rights under Section 3) and that no Customer Data will violate or infringe: (i) any third party Intellectual Property Rights or, publicity, privacy, or other rights, (ii) any Laws, or (iii) any terms of service, privacy or other policies and/or any other agreements governing the Customer Properties or Customer's accounts with any Third-Party Platforms.
Buffer reserves the right, however, to suspend or terminate accounts of users in our sole discretion.
Databricks cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.
If the need arises, we may suspend access to our Site and our Service, or close them indefinitely.
Webflow will have no liability for any harm or damage arising out of or in connection with a Beta Product.
We reserve the right to change third-party providers in our sole discretion.
Intercom also reserves the right to suspend Customer's access to the Services, without liability, if Customer's use of the Services is in violation of the AUP or this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Webflow reserves the right to take down Website Content at any time in our sole discretion.
You may not rent, lease, loan, or sell access to, or otherwise attempt to transfer any right in Vercel's website (which includes its software and documentation) to a third-party, through framing or any other method.
You hereby grant InVision a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, fully paid-up right and license to use, copy, access, process, reproduce, perform, display, modify, distribute, and transmit your Customer Data solely in connection with the Services.
You understand and agree that you may receive communications generated by automatic telephone dialing systems and/or which will deliver prerecorded messages sent by or on behalf of Instacart, its affiliated companies, and/or Third Party Providers, including but not limited to communications concerning orders placed through your account on the Services.
Intuit may terminate this Agreement (and your account) or suspend the Platform at any time in our discretion.
Miro may suspend or terminate Customer’s rights to use the Service if it does not receive the corresponding payment from the Reseller.
INSTACART DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE QUALITY, SUITABILITY, SAFETY OR ABILITY OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, OR RETAILERS.
DigitalOcean does not promise to retain any preservations or backups of your Services Content.
Customer hereby grants to Intercom a perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license (with rights to sublicense) to make, use, sell, offer to sell, reproduce, modify, distribute, make available, publicly display and perform, disclose and otherwise commercially exploit the Feedback.
You acknowledge that Razorpay shall not be responsible for any liability arising in respect of Fraudulent Transactions whether it is an international or a domestic transaction.
DigitalOcean reserves the right to update, change or otherwise modify this TOS on a going-forward basis at any time and in DigitalOcean’s sole discretion.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the Service or your possession and/or use of the Service, including: (1) product liability claims; (2) any claim that the Service fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; or (3) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
Subject to notice requirements under Applicable Law and Rules, Toast reserves the right, in its sole discretion and at any time, to modify, suspend, terminate, revalue or cancel its own loyalty program and/or the technology services that enable Merchants to offer loyalty programs through Toast.
2 DigitalOcean is not responsible for the content that you access through your use of the Websites, Services, or content of other users of DigitalOcean or other third parties.
Rights in User Content Granted by You: By making any User Content available through the Service, you hereby grant to Notion a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, host, cache, store, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, distribute and modify (for formatting purposes only), your User Content solely in connection with operating and providing the Service and Notion Content to you and, depending on the permission you grant, to other users, individuals, and/or organizations.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms of Service, InVision will not, under any circumstances, issue refunds or pro-rate any Fees for early cancellation or termination of the Services, or for any other reason, including for any unused Services or if your actual usage of the Services falls below the purchased amount applicable to your Subscription level for the Services.
To the extent that such material is protected by intellectual property rights, you grant us a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free licence to use, copy, modify, distribute, sell and disclose to third parties any such material or data for any purpose related to our business.
We do not endorse any Website Content or represent that any Website Content is accurate, useful, or not harmful.
We do not perform, and is not responsible for, any of the Services requested by you in your service request.
You may not, whether yourself or through any other means or person: harvest or collect personal information about visitors or users of the Service without their express consent,
We may also block a Chase Card in the Wallet from certain transactions or purchases at any time.
Breaches of this Policy may lead to your account being suspended or terminated, and access to your earnings being revoked, as set out in the Terms of Service.
Your account and digital assets are not covered by insurance against losses or subject to Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or Securities Investor Protection Corporation protections or protections of any comparable organization in the world.
b) Customer agrees that BofA has the right to grant or revoke Customer's ability to trade any one or all of the specified types of Commodity Transactions via the BofA Electronic Trading Services at any time.
We may, at our discretion, impose limits on the amount or the number of payments that may be sent, including money sent for authorized merchant purchases
By setting your repositories to be viewed publicly, you agree to allow others to view and fork your repositories (this means that others may make their own copies of Content from your repositories in repositories they control).
The subscription price we offer may be different when you are logged into your account compared to the price available to users who aren’t registered or logged in, for example because some of our promotions are available only to new users.
Unless explicitly designated otherwise, promotional or sale prices are limited to one year of subscription.
As permitted by local law, you accept the new price by continuing to use your Recurring Subscription after the price change takes effect.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT TINDER DOES NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ON ITS MEMBERS OR OTHERWISE INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUND OF ITS MEMBERS
In addition, so that Tinder can prevent the use of your Content outside of the Service, you authorize Tinder to act on your behalf with respect to infringing uses of your Content taken from the Service by other members or third parties.
In addition, you understand that you are solely responsible for all of your transportation to and from the Host, regardless of the circumstances.
WWOOF Ireland is not responsible for any problems you may experience with immigration.
We do not investigate or verify any Member’s reputation, conduct, morality, criminal background, or any information Members may submit to the Service.
If any membership policies have been violated within these 14 days then you void your right to a refund.
You are solely responsible for all of your transportation to and from the Host’s location and any other expenses, regardless of the circumstances.
You agree to notify Hosts well in advance if due to unforeseen circumstances you cannot honour your commitment to visit them.
It is the responsibility of all Members to be insured and to inquire with one another about each of their insurance obligations, if any, prior to visiting.
Additionally, you understand that WWOOF Ireland may cancel your membership if we receive reports of three no-shows
We may determine other eligibility criteria in our sole discretion.
If we refuse to carry you for one of the reasons above, or have removed you from the plane, we may cancel any unused part of your ticket and refund you the price you have paid for this unused ticket We will not be liable for any loss, damage death or physical injury alleged to be due to our refusal to carry you or your baggage in these circumstances.
2 Excess baggage fee You will have to pay an excess baggage fee for checked-in luggage above your personal baggage allowance and for any sports equipment, musical instruments, and certain other items which we may agree to carry.
FURTHERMORE, MATCH MAKES NO GUARANTEES AS TO THE NUMBER OF ACTIVE USERS AT ANY TIME; USERS’ ABILITY OR DESIRE TO COMMUNICATE WITH OR MEET YOU, OR THE ULTIMATE COMPATIBILITY WITH OR CONDUCT BY USERS YOU MEET THROUGH THE SERVICES.
Your baggage may be searched when you are not present, mainly to check whether your baggage contains any item described in clause 8.
3 If a search or scan causes any physical injury to you, or an X-ray, scan or search causes damage to your baggage, we will not be liable for the injury or damage unless we are at fault or have been negligent.
We are liable for loss of or damage to checked-in luggage only if the event which caused the loss or damage took place on the plane or during any period when the checked-in luggage was in our possession.
If your carry-on baggage is too large it will not be allowed through the boarding gate.
If an item of baggage weighs more than your checked-in baggage allowance, you will have to pay an excess-baggage fee.
Our Services may allow you to download software, such as mobile applications, which may update automatically to ensure you’re using the latest version.
You do not get extra baggage (carry-on or checked-in) for the extra seat.
We are not liable for any loss of or damage to items as a result of any flaw or fault in, or the poor condition of, the baggage.
We might show ads near your content and information, without compensating you.
Holds and Restricted Funds To protect eBay from risk of liability for your actions as a seller, eBay Payments Entities (as defined below) may restrict access to your funds as described in the Payments Terms of Use.
We do not promise to accurately record the number of play money chips held by You and Your play money chips may be lost at any time
We may attempt to verify your employment history or status through various methods, including third party integrations or services.
We may also utilize signals we receive from your current or former employer.
Age, geographic and other restrictions mean you may not be able to access all Products in the package.
We may track and record your PSN activity and remove any of your UGC that breaches these Terms, without further notice to you.
Access to Electronic Services may be limited or unavailable during periods of peak demand, market volatility, systems upgrade, maintenance, or for other reasons.
Robinhood may provide your name, address, email address, and securities positions to requesting companies in which you hold securities
('If you’re sharing an account with other people, then the person whose financial information is on the account will ultimately be responsible for all activity.
'With your consent, we may record your voice and send this data to our third-party partner to authenticate you and to help prevent fraud.'
You further agree that, for all purposes, you, and not Gab, are the publisher or speaker of any information provided by the AI Features in such responses, you assume sole liability for the content of any message generated by any AI Features (“AI-Generated User Contributions”), and that the AI-Generated User Contributions will be treated as your User Contributions for the purposes of the Terms of Service.
You acknowledge that once your Content is posted on OnlyFans, we cannot control and will not be responsible to you for the use which other Users or third parties make of such Content.
You can delete your account at any time, but you acknowledge that deleting your account will not of itself prevent the circulation of any of your Content which may have been recorded by other Users in breach of the Terms of Service or by third parties prior to the deletion of your account.
Your Content may be viewed by individuals that recognise your identity.
You will pay all royalties and other amounts owed to any person or entity based on your Content, or on Kickstarter’s hosting of that Content.
You are responsible for all content posted and activity that occurs under your Account (even when content is posted by others who have Accounts under your Account)
GoFundMe may, at any time, for any reason, without notice, and in its sole discretion, offer or issue a refund of Donation(s) with or without consulting with you, which may comprise the entire amount donated to your Fundraiser.
Lincoln Savings Bank or nbkc bank utilizes a deposit network service, which means that at any given time, all, none, or a portion of the funds in your Acorns Checking accounts may be placed into and held beneficially in your name at other depository institutions which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).
Disconnecting your account or deleting your personal data from Stripe may not cancel or stop payments (including recurring payments) that you have already authorized.
FURTHER, YOU UNDERSTAND, ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE STORE, PORTION AND PACKAGE PRODUCTS CONTAINING ALL EIGHT (8) MAJOR U.S. ALLERGENS (MILK, WHEAT, EGG, SOY, FISH, SHELLFISH, PEANUTS AND TREENUTS) AND CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT CROSS-CONTAMINATION WILL NOT OCCUR BETWEEN PRODUCTS.
Any content made public will be publicly accessible through the internet and may be crawled and indexed by search engines.
Users on our Unlimited Plan will notice reduced data speeds when data usage exceeds an average of 30GB during the current billing month
MeWe may store a copy of the phone numbers, emails, and names in your address book on MeWe servers.
Travel to and from Basecamp course venues is your responsibility (unless stated) and Basecamp cannot be held responsible for any cancellation, delay or booking problems with your travel arrangements.
Whilst Company takes all reasonable precautions to prevent accidents or injury, you acknowledge and agree that some of the activities you participate in on the course carry a risk of accident and injury.
Basecamp will not be responsible for additional costs incurred by the student such as travel or accommodation of pre-planned trips.
13: Basecamp reserves the right to test students for prohibited drugs and alcohol.
By connecting to Codecademy with a third-party service (for example, Facebook or Twitter), you give us permission to access and use your information from that service as permitted by that service, and to store your log-in credentials for that service.
if Handy determines there is a risk that a Professional will not appear at a Job requested by Requester, Handy retains the right to withdraw its referral to that Professional and may refer the Job to another Professional
company reserves the right to charge interest at the applicable rates for late payment.
If you authorize third parties to access your User Content through the Services, including through the FreshBooks API, you agree that we are permitted to provide to them the User Content, and also agree that we have no responsibility or liability for their use of such User Content.
You are also agreeing to appoint Everlane as your attorney-in-fact with respect to the User Content, with the right to execute and deliver any documents, in your name and on your behalf, to ensure that we can use the User Content that you are licensing in any way we see fit, and to protect the rights in any derivative works created from your User Content, and to have the User Content removed from any other website or platform.
You acknowledge and agree that Buffer reserves the right to, and may from time to time, monitor any and all information transmitted or received through the Service for operational and other purposes.
We reserve the right to limit the sales of our products and services to any person, geographic region, or jurisdiction.
We may impose certain limits on the use of the Services, including usage limits for different Service plans, including without limitation, the amount of Customer Data that may be stored, features that may be accessed number of Users or amount of Content accessed or linked to, or other rate or usage limitations at any time in our sole discretion.
However, we reserve the right to, and may from time to time, monitor any and all information transmitted or received through the Products or Services for operational and other purposes.
If a payment is not successfully made and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the Services, including without limitation your Instacart+ membership, until we have successfully charged a valid payment method.
Chegg may cancel your account in its sole discretion for any reason, including but not limited to inactivity or misuse.
Chegg may store your method of payment and you hereby acknowledge and agree that Chegg may charge you for, and you will pay for, any charges specified on the Services and for any auto-extension or unreturned, lost, stolen, or damaged books associated with your account under the terms of your book rental and in accordance with the General Policies.
You further acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Chegg will not have any obligation to you with regard to User Content and that Chegg may or may not monitor, display or accept your User Content and may delete it at any time.
You also agree that we and our third-party service providers may record and use information about your interactions with our Services and your communications with us (including, via chat features) for customer service, quality assurance, research, development and other purposes as described in our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to limit the availability of the Services and/or the provision of any content, program, product, service or other feature to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole discretion, and to limit the quantities of any such content, program, product, service or other feature that we provide.
We may, but are not obligated to, review User Content prior to posting it on or distributing it through the Services, or allowing them to be distributed through the Services.
You also agree that we may, at our discretion, send your account to a collection agency, and except where prohibited by local law, recover our reasonable costs of collection from you, if you fail to pay all fees due and owing to Chegg.
Chegg may impose reasonable limits on your scope of access to Chegg Content, including limits on time or number of materials accessed or machines used to access such Content, to prevent unauthorized third-party access to or use of that Content.
Chegg does not guarantee the accuracy or reliability of the chat bot responses and it is not liable for your use of the chat bot.
Chegg reserves the right to place you into collections if you fail to timely pay for the products and services ordered through the Services; collections may be done by Chegg or a third-party on Chegg's behalf.
Airbnb is not a party to the contracts entered into directly between Hosts and Guests, nor is Airbnb a real estate broker, travel agency, insurer or an organiser or retailer of travel packages under Directive (EU) 2015/2302.
//ONES FOR NEW MODEL
If a Member provides valid evidence that you, your guest(s), or your pet(s) have: (i) damaged the complaining Member’s, or the Accommodation owner’s (where the Accommodation owner is not also the Host), real or personal property, or real or personal property the complaining Member is responsible for, or has an economic interest in; or (ii) caused loss of booking income for bookings via the Airbnb Platform or other consequential damages which result directly from the damage caused under (i) above; or (iii) otherwise caused the complaining Member to incur cleaning costs in excess of the Member’s cleaning fee (each of (i), (ii), and (iii) being a (Damage Claim), the complaining Member can notify Airbnb and/or seek compensation through the Resolution Center.
We do not endorse or warrant the existence, conduct, performance, safety, quality, legality or suitability of any Guest, Host, Host Service, Listing or third party.
You agree that Airbnb may seek to recover from you under any insurance policies you maintain and that Airbnb may also pursue against you any remedies it may have available under applicable law, including referral of the matter to a collections agency, and/or pursuit of available causes of action and/or claims against you.
You acknowledge that Airbnb has the right, but does not have any obligation, to monitor the use of the Airbnb Platform and verify information provided by our Members.
WE, OUR AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, LICENSORS AND AGENTS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CHANGES TO SCHEDULES, ROUTES OR DROP-OFF POINTS CAUSED OR MADE NECESSARY BECAUSE OF STRIKES, ROAD OR STREET CLOSURES OR BLOCKAGES, RAILWAY CLOSINGS OR SHUTDOWNS, FIRE, FLOODING, FORCE OF NATURE, TRAFFIC ACCIDENTS, ACTS OF WAR OR TERRORISM, RIOTS, CIVIL OR MILITARY DISTURBANCES, ACT OF GOD, OR ANY OTHER CAUSE BEYOND OUR CONTROL AND WITHOUT OUR FAULT OR NEGLIGENCE.'
Don’t share your account credentials or give others access to your account
If you’re on a Dropbox Family plan, the Family manager may be able to downgrade your account at any time. +: 0.6359622478485107
If you provide a Submission, whether by email or otherwise, you agree that it is non-confidential (unless Couchsurfing states otherwise in writing) and shall become the sole property of Couchsurfing. Couchsurfing shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise
We use your personal data, such as information about your activity and interests, to show you personalised ads and sponsored content that may be more relevant to you. +: 0.64360207
For example, we use data about the connections you make, the choices and settings you select, and what you share and do on and off our Products to personalise your experience. +: 0
This includes attempts to buy, sell, or transfer any aspect of your account (including your username); solicit, collect, or use login credentials or badges of other users; or request or collect Instagram usernames, passwords, or misappropriate access tokens.
Subject to the choices and settings you select, we use information from Instagram and other Meta Company Products, as well as from external partners, to personalize your experience on Instagram, including by showing you ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), offers and other sponsored content that we believe will be meaningful to you. +: 0.37611114978790283
- We do not guarantee the fulfillment or the performance of any Perks, or that Contributions will be used as described in the Campaign.
Fees may vary based on your location and other factors, and Coursera reserves the right to change any fees at any time at its sole discretion. +: 0.8633258938789368
- Tuition and fees may vary based on your location and other factors, and Coursera and its Content Partners reserve the right to change any tuition and fees for future semesters or equivalent payment periods at their sole discretion.
We also reserve the right to refuse the use of the Services to anyone for any reason at any time, including, but not limited to violations of our Use Restrictions Policy.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of our Services for any reason at any time.
We do not retain, use, disclose, or sell any of that information for any other commercial purposes unless we have your explicit permission.
We do not pre-screen content, but we reserve the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is available via the Service.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part of our Services with or without notice.
If your API usage could or has caused downtime, we may cut off access without prior notice.
We are not liable or accountable for any of these third-party integrations.
Abuse or excessively frequent requests to the Services via the API may result in the temporary or permanent suspension of your account’s access to the API.
When we do that, we tend to exempt existing customers from those changes.
We take many measures to protect and secure your data through backups, redundancies, and encryption.
You give us a limited license to use the content posted by you and your users in order to provide the Services to you, but we claim no ownership rights over those materials.
The Company is also not liable for damages of any kind related to actions of any third party that uses the Services, or any other consequences related to the Terms or Services.
That means when it comes to security, privacy, and customer support, we will continue to maintain any legacy Services.
We cannot recover this information once it has been permanently deleted.
Uptime, Security, and Privacy Your use of the Services is at your sole risk.
You agree that 37signals may process your data as described in our Privacy Policy and for no other purpose.
You may not use the Services for any purpose outlined in our Use Restrictions Policy, and you may not permit any of your users to do so, either.
Termination will furthermore result in the deletion of your account or your access to your account, and the deletion of all content in your account.
We do not automatically prorate unused time in the last billing cycle.
Third parties may not access and employ the API if the functionality is part of an application that remotely records, monitors, or reports a Service user’s activity other than time tracking, both inside and outside the applications.
You are responsible for all content posted to and activity that occurs under your account, including content posted by and activity of any users in your account.
Sometimes it becomes technically impossible to continue a feature or we redesign a part of our Services because we think it could be better or we decide to close new signups of a product.
Liability You agree that the Company is not liable to you or to any third party for damages of any kind that result from the use of the Services, in ability to access data, or unauthorized access of your data or account.
We reserve the right to rescind any permissions if you violate these Terms.
Verbal, physical, written or other abuse (including threats of abuse or retribution) of a Company employee or officer will result in immediate account termination.
If you do not pay, we will freeze your account and it will be inaccessible until you make payment.
The Company cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.
All of your content will be inaccessible from the Services immediately upon account cancellation.
If your account has been frozen for a while, we will queue it up for auto-cancellation.
Licence to YouTube By providing Content to the Service, you grant to YouTube a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable licence to use that Content (including to reproduce, distribute, modify, display and perform it) for the purpose of operating, promoting, and improving the Service.
Licence to Other Users You also grant each other user of the Service a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to access your Content through the Service, and to use that Content (including to reproduce, distribute, modify, display, and perform it) only as enabled by a feature of the Service.
YouTube and its Affiliates will not be responsible for: losses that were not caused by YouTube or its Affiliates’ breach of this Agreement; any loss or damage that was not, at the time that this Agreement was formed between you and YouTube, a reasonably foreseeable consequence of YouTube or its Affiliates breaching this Agreement; or the Content submitted by any user, or for the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any user.
- YouTube and its Affiliates will not be responsible for lost profits, revenues, or data; loss of opportunity or anticipated savings; indirect or consequential losses, or punitive damages (in all cases whether such losses were foreseeable or not); and YouTube and its Affiliates’ total liability for any claims arising from or relating to the Service is limited to the greater of: (a) the amount of revenue that YouTube has paid to you from your use of the Service in the 12 months before the date of your notice, in writing to YouTube, of the claim and (b) €500, whichever is higher.
We may use automated systems that analyze your Content to help detect infringement and abuse, such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
- By providing Content to the Service, you grant to YouTube a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable licence to use that Content (including to reproduce, distribute, modify, display and perform it) for the purpose of operating, promoting, and improving the Service.
As set forth in our Privacy Policy, we may share data between our affiliates for the safety and security of our users and may take necessary actions if we believe you have violated these Terms, including banning you from our Services and/or our affiliates’ services (such as Tinder, OkCupid, Match, Meetic, BlackPeopleMeet, LoveScout24, OurTime, Pairs, ParPerfeito, and Twoo; for more details, click here), and/or preventing you from creating new accounts.
You agree that Hinge may access, preserve, and disclose your account information, including Your Content, if required to do so by law or upon a good faith belief that such access, preservation, or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce these Terms; (iii) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) respond to your requests for customer service; or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of the Company or any other person. +: 0.7728634476661682
ou may not display any personal contact or banking information, whether in relation to you or any other person.
- If you choose to reveal any personal information about yourself to other users, you do so at your own risk.
- Your individual profile will be visible to other people around the world, so be sure that you are comfortable sharing Your Content before you post.
- You acknowledge and agree that Your Content may be viewed by other users, and, notwithstanding these Terms, other users may share Your Content with third parties.
- You understand and agree that we may monitor or review Your Content, and we have the right to remove, delete, edit, limit, or block or prevent access to any of Your Content at any time in our sole discretion.
By creating an account, you grant to Hinge a worldwide, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free right and license to host, store, use, copy, display, reproduce, adapt, edit, publish, translate, modify, reformat, incorporate into other works, advertise, distribute and otherwise make available to the general public Your Content, including any information you authorize us to access from Facebook or other third- party sources (if applicable), in whole or in part, and in any way and in any format or medium currently known or developed in the future.
- Hinge’s license to Your Content shall be non-exclusive, except that Hinge’s license shall be exclusive with respect to derivative works created through use of our Services
Because our Services may be utilized without a subscription, canceling your subscription does not remove your profile from our Services. +: 0.662300705909729
By creating an account, you grant to Hinge a worldwide, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free right and license to host, store, use, copy, display, reproduce, adapt, edit, publish, translate, modify, reformat, incorporate into other works, advertise, distribute and otherwise make available to the general public Your Content, including any information you authorize us to access from Facebook or other third- party sources (if applicable), in whole or in part, and in any way and in any format or medium currently known or developed in the future
Should Apple not offer the specific products that you purchased through the Volume Content Service, your payment method will be charged or you will be invoiced the difference between the amount you paid for the delivered goods and the price that Apple charged the general public for the closest equivalent goods via the Volume Content Service, in effect on the date that you placed your order.
As we investigate your Fundraiser, a User, or User Content, we may consider all available material including but not limited to social media, related news, and any other information that we, in our sole discretion, deem relevant in our review
To the extent permitted by applicable law, You irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against GoFundMe and its Users any claims and assertions of any moral rights contained in such User Content. +: 0.8337769508361816
No refunds will be given for any charges more than 90 days old. We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion.
Our policy is No Refunds, though we will allow for some exceptions where refunds are granted in our sole discretion.</p>
<p>Except as set forth herein, no refunds shall be granted for any reason whatsoever, including for pre-paid Services where said Services were not used in full. Refunds may take up to thirty (30) calendar days to process.
Fees are non-refundable except as required by law or as otherwise specifically permitted in this Agreement.
Accounts suspended or terminated due to policy violations will not be considered eligible for refunds. Cancellation of services by the customer will result in a pro-rated refund for the unused service time within 30 days of cancellation
All charges are nonrefundable unless provided otherwise in the terms you agree to when you register for a fee-based Service, unless stated differently for your country in Section 14 or as otherwise specified below.</p>
If you purchase service to use on incompatible system, no refund is offered. You'll need to switch to one of mainstream systems like Windows, Mac or Linux. </li>
<li>If our product is not working on your computer because VPN service is blocked by your ISP, we are not responsible, no refunds will be provided in such case.
</p> Refunds <p>Except when required by law, paid Subscription fees are non-refundable.</p>
When paid by you, these payments are final and non-refundable, unless otherwise determined by Grubhub.
All charges are nonrefundable unless provided otherwise in the terms you agree to when you register for a fee-based Service, unless stated differently for your country in Section 14 or as otherwise specified below.</p> </li>
There will be no refunds also in the following explicit cases: unavailability of services, downgrade, unused services, or when the functionality of services is changed.
Once you have submitted your Order and your payment has been authorised, you will not be entitled to change or cancel your Order, nor will you be entitled to a refund (please refer to paragraphs 4.4 and 5.6 for details of the process relating to rejected Orders and refunding of payment).
Subscription fees are NOT refundable if you request to cancel or terminate your membership.
<li>Unless otherwise provided by Indian law or by a particular service offer, all purchases are final and non-refundable. If you believe that ente has charged you in error, you must contact us within 90 days of such charge. No refunds will be given for any charges more than 90 days old.
Due to their nature, the paid Services provided by the Company are generally non-refundable and any refunds or credits given will be at the sole discretion of the Company.
LitCharts A+ subscription fees are generally not refundable. .</p> <p>LitCharts explicitly does not offer refunds in the following circumstances:</p> <ul> <li>If a user discovers that LitCharts does not cover the material they need or expected to find on our service.
<p>Except as specifically provided otherwise, any payments are always FINAL and NON-REFUNDABLE, however, without limiting the possibility of a refund (if any) from the application store (in accordance with the relevant terms and conditions applicable to purchases from that application store).
All sales are final and there shall be no refunds except as required by law.
Purchases of paid services are final and non-refundable, except at Toyhouse's sole discretion.
Refunds. Generally, all charges for purchases are nonrefundable, and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods.
In accordance with Swedish law under which OVPN operates, we reserve the right to refuse refunds of renewal purchases.</p>
PAYMENTS ARE NONREFUNDABLE AND THERE ARE NO PRORATED REFUNDS OF ANY FEES UPON ANY TERMINATION OR CANCELLATION. Fees are refundable in Ellation's sole discretion.
Refund is not allowed if you purchased the wrong item, replacement is the only option.
Charges paid by you for completed and delivered orders are final and non-refundable. DoorDash has no obligation to provide refunds or credits, but may grant them, in each case in DoorDash’s sole discretion.</p>
All orders are non-cancellable unless agreed in writing by the company
The Subscription Fees paid are non-refundable irrespective of whether the Service have been availed and/or consumed.
You won’t be entitled to a refund or credit from us under any other circumstances. We may, at our sole discretion, offer a refund, discount or credit.
Any money received for products purchased will not be refunded where the product and any applicable license has been distributed to you. p>
Refunds<p>Except when required by law, paid fees are non-refundable.
In addition, payments made for the future billing periods will not be refunded unless the Parties explicitly agree otherwise.</p>
Once completed, Rec Token transactions are final and non-refundable, except as may be required by applicable law, or otherwise determined by us in our sole discretion.
All payments for Rec Tokens are final and not refundable or exchangeable, except as required by applicable law.'
Refunds\nExcept as provided by law or as set forth herein, all purchases are final and non-refundable
All Subscription Fees are nonrefundable.
There are no refunds upon cancellation
All payments are final and non-refundable.',
('There are no refunds upon cancellation.',
('Gift Subscription are not refundable except as required by applicable law.',
('\nRefunds for Yummly Subscriptions\nSubscription fees for Yummly are nonrefundable, except where prohibited by applicable law.',
('All payment obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid are non-refundable, except as specifically provided for in this Agreement.',
('Except as otherwise set forth in our Cancellation and Refund Policy located at https://www.semrush.com/company/legal/refund-policy/ (Cancellation Policy), all payment obligations are non-cancellable and all Fees paid are non-refundable.',
('Fees are otherwise non-refundable.',
('In addition, Ubisoft Virtual Currency is non-refundable and you are not entitled to any refund for unused Virtual Currency, except where required by law.',
('All payments made are non-refundable and non-transferable except as expressly provided in these Terms.',
('If you cancel your subscription you will not be entitled to a refund of any fees already paid and any outstanding fees will become immediately due and payable.',
(Except as otherwise described herein or in our Refund Policy, all sales and Fees on Thumbtack are final and non-refundable.', array([0.79171251]))
('All payments for Transactions are non-refundable and non-transferable except as expressly provided in these Terms.', array([0.81490723]))
('All sales of Gift Cards are final and nonrefundable.', array([0.81714771]))
('Except as set forth above, the Service subscription fee shall be non-refundable.', array([0.86858843]))
('All fees are in U.S. dollars and are non-refundable.', array([0.86873621]))
Refunds won't be granted unless required by law or as specified in this Agreement.
Fees are non-refundable, except in cases mandated by law or this Agreement.
Accounts suspended due to policy violations aren't eligible for refunds. Cancellations within 30 days lead to pro-rated refunds.
Unless stated otherwise, charges are non-refundable unless required by law or the terms agreed upon during registration.
Refunds are not provided for incompatible systems or ISP blockages affecting our product's functionality.
Subscription fees are non-refundable, except as required by law.
Payments are considered final and non-refundable unless determined otherwise by the company.
No refunds in cases of service unavailability, downgrades, unused services, or functionality changes.
LitCharts A+ subscription fees are usually non-refundable, even if material coverage is insufficient.
Payments are generally FINAL and NON-REFUNDABLE, with possible exceptions according to application store terms.
All sales are final, and refunds are only granted as required by law.
Charges for Toyhouse purchases are generally non-refundable, subject to Toyhouse's discretion.
Refund decisions are at our discretion.
Charges are nonrefundable, and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods.
A 14-day limit applies for refunds related to unsuccessful payments or technical issues.
Redemptions of Points for Rewards are irreversible, and non-merchandise Rewards can't be returned.
Refunds are generally not guaranteed for paid services, including terminations or cancellations.
OVPN may refuse refunds based on Swedish law.
Payments are nonrefundable, and there are no prorated refunds upon termination or cancellation.
Refunds not offered for incorrect purchases, replacement is the only option.
Payments for distributed products are non-refundable.
All charges are typically final and non-refundable, unless required by law.
No refunds will be issued for charges over 90 days old. Refunds or credits may be granted at our sole discretion.
Our standard policy is no refunds, though exceptions may be made at our discretion.
Except as noted, no refunds are available for any reason, including unused prepaid services. Refunds may take up to 30 days to process.
Fees are non-refundable unless required by law or specifically stated otherwise in this agreement.
Accounts terminated for policy violations are not eligible for refunds. Cancellations by the customer will result in a prorated refund for unused service time within 30 days.
All charges are non-refundable unless otherwise specified in the terms agreed upon during registration.
Purchases for incompatible systems are non-refundable. You must switch to a compatible system.
No refunds will be issued if our product is blocked by your ISP.
Paid subscription fees are non-refundable except as required by law.
Payments made are final and non-refundable unless otherwise determined by the company.
No refunds will be provided for unused services, downgrades, or service changes.
Orders cannot be changed or canceled once submitted, and no refunds will be issued.
Subscription fees are not refundable if you cancel or terminate your membership.
All purchases are final and non-refundable unless required by Indian law.
Refunds or credits for paid services are at the sole discretion of the company.
LitCharts subscription fees are generally non-refundable.
Payments are always final and non-refundable, with potential exceptions according to application store terms.
All sales are final, with refunds only provided as required by law.
Toyhouse purchases are non-refundable except at the company's discretion.
Refunds are not guaranteed for partially used periods or cancellations.
OVPN reserves the right to refuse refunds for renewal purchases.
Payments are non-refundable and there are no prorated refunds upon termination or cancellation.
No refunds for incorrect purchases; only replacements are offered.
Charges for completed orders are final and non-refundable, with refunds at DoorDash's discretion.
Orders are non-cancellable unless agreed upon in writing.
Subscription fees are non-refundable regardless of service usage.
Refunds or credits are not available under any other circumstances.
No refunds will be given for products once delivered.
Except as required by law, paid fees are non-refundable.
Future billing period payments are non-refundable unless explicitly agreed otherwise.
Rec Token transactions are final and non-refundable except as required by law.
Payments for Rec Tokens are final and not refundable or exchangeable.
Payments are non-refundable and no credits are provided for partially used periods.
All purchases are final and non-refundable except as required by law.
Subscription fees are non-refundable.
No refunds are available upon cancellation.
Gift subscriptions are not refundable except as required by law.
Yummly subscription fees are non-refundable except where prohibited by law.
Payment obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid are non-refundable.
Fees are non-refundable except as specifically provided in this agreement.
Ubisoft Virtual Currency is non-refundable except where required by law.
Payments made are non-refundable and non-transferable.
No refunds are provided if you cancel your subscription.
Sales and fees are final and non-refundable except as described in our refund policy.
All payments for transactions are non-refundable and non-transferable.
All sales of gift cards are final and non-refundable.
Service subscription fees are non-refundable.
Fees are non-refundable and payable in U.S. dollars.
Refunds are granted only as required by law or this agreement.
Refunds are not available for suspended accounts due to policy violations.
No refunds are issued for charges over 90 days old.
No refunds for services purchased for incompatible systems.
Refunds are not provided if services are blocked by your ISP.
Subscription fees are non-refundable unless required by law.
Payments are final and non-refundable.
No refunds for service unavailability, downgrades, or unused services.
LitCharts A+ subscription fees are generally non-refundable.
Payments are final and non-refundable except by application store terms.
All sales are final and refunds are only granted as required by law.
Refunds are not provided for partially used periods or cancellations.
Payments are non-refundable and no prorated refunds upon termination.
No refunds for incorrect purchases, replacements only.
Charges for completed orders are final and non-refundable.
Orders are non-cancellable unless agreed in writing.
Subscription fees are non-refundable regardless of usage.
No refunds or credits are available under other circumstances.
Refunds will not be issued for any charges that are more than 90 days old. We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion.
Our standard policy is that no refunds will be issued, though we may allow for certain exceptions at our sole discretion.
Except as outlined herein, no refunds will be granted for any reason, including for prepaid services that were not used in full. Refunds may take up to 30 days to process.
Accounts that are suspended or terminated due to policy violations will not be eligible for refunds. Customers who cancel services will receive a prorated refund for the unused service time within 30 days of cancellation.
All charges are non-refundable unless otherwise specified in the terms agreed upon during registration or as required by law.
If you purchase a service for use on an incompatible system, no refund will be offered. You must switch to a compatible system such as Windows, Mac, or Linux.
No refunds will be issued if our product is not working on your computer due to being blocked by your ISP.
Except when required by law, paid subscription fees are non-refundable.
All payments made are final and non-refundable unless otherwise determined by the company at its sole discretion.
Refunds will not be provided for service unavailability, downgrades, unused services, or changes in the functionality of services.
Once you have submitted your order and your payment has been authorized, you will not be entitled to change or cancel your order, nor will you be entitled to a refund.
Subscription fees are not refundable if you request to cancel or terminate your membership at any time.
Unless otherwise provided by applicable law or a specific service offer, all purchases are final and non-refundable.
Refunds or credits given for paid services are at the sole discretion of the company.
LitCharts subscription fees are generally non-refundable, even if the material covered is not what you expected.
Payments are final and non-refundable, with potential exceptions according to the terms and conditions of the application store.
All sales are final, and refunds are only provided as required by law.
Purchases of paid services are final and non-refundable, except at the company's sole discretion.
Refunds are not guaranteed and are granted at our discretion for partially used periods.
In accordance with Swedish law under which OVPN operates, we reserve the right to refuse refunds for renewal purchases.
Payments are non-refundable, and there are no prorated refunds upon termination or cancellation of the service.
Refunds are not allowed if you purchased the wrong item; replacement is the only option available.
Charges paid for completed and delivered orders are final and non-refundable, with refunds granted at DoorDash's discretion.
All orders are non-cancellable unless agreed in writing by the company.
Subscription fees paid are non-refundable regardless of whether the services have been availed or consumed.
You will not be entitled to a refund or credit from us under any other circumstances. Refunds, discounts, or credits may be offered at our sole discretion.
Any money received for products purchased will not be refunded once the product and any applicable license have been distributed to you.
Except when required by law, paid fees are non-refundable.
Payments made for future billing periods will not be refunded unless explicitly agreed otherwise by the parties involved.
Rec Token transactions are final and non-refundable, except as may be required by applicable law or otherwise determined by us at our sole discretion.
All payments for Rec Tokens are final and non-refundable or exchangeable, except as required by applicable law.
Payments are non-refundable, and there are no credits for partially used periods.
All purchases are final and non-refundable, except as required by law.
No refunds will be available upon cancellation.
Gift subscriptions are not refundable, except as required by applicable law.
Yummly subscription fees are non-refundable, except where prohibited by applicable law.
Payment obligations are non-cancelable, and all amounts paid are non-refundable.
Except as otherwise set forth in this agreement, all payment obligations are non-cancelable, and all fees paid are non-refundable.
Ubisoft Virtual Currency is non-refundable, and you are not entitled to any refund for unused Virtual Currency, except where required by law.
All payments made are non-refundable and non-transferable, except as expressly provided in these terms.
If you cancel your subscription, you will not be entitled to a refund of any fees already paid, and any outstanding fees will become immediately due and payable.
Except as otherwise described herein or in our refund policy, all sales and fees are final and non-refundable.
All payments for transactions are non-refundable and non-transferable, except as expressly provided in these terms.
Except as set forth above, the service subscription fee is non-refundable.
All fees are non-refundable and payable in U.S. dollars.
Refunds will only be granted as required by law or this agreement.
Accounts suspended or terminated due to policy violations will not be eligible for refunds.
No refunds will be issued for charges over 90 days old.
Refunds are not available for purchases made for incompatible systems.
No refunds will be provided if the service is blocked by your ISP.
Payments are final and non-refundable, except as determined by the company.
Refunds are not provided for service unavailability, downgrades, or unused services.
LitCharts A+ subscription fees are generally non-refundable, even if the material is not covered.
Payments are final and non-refundable, except as per the terms of the application store.
Toyhouse purchases are generally non-refundable, subject to the company's discretion.
Refunds are not guaranteed and are at the company's discretion for partially used periods.
Payments are non-refundable, and there are no prorated refunds upon termination or cancellation.
No refunds for incorrect purchases; replacements are the only option available.
Charges for completed and delivered orders are final and non-refundable.
Subscription fees are non-refundable, regardless of service usage.
No refunds once products and applicable licenses are delivered.
Payments for future billing periods are non-refundable.
Rec Token transactions are final and non-refundable.
Payments for Rec Tokens are non-refundable or exchangeable.
Payments are non-refundable, and no credits are provided for partially used periods.
All purchases are final and non-refundable.
No refunds upon cancellation of the service.
Yummly subscription fees are non-refundable, except where prohibited by law.
Ubisoft Virtual Currency is non-refundable, except as required by law.
No refunds if you cancel your subscription.
Sales and fees are final and non-refundable.
Payments for transactions are non-refundable.
Sales of gift cards are final and non-refundable.
Refunds will not be issued for any charges that are more than 90 days old. We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion, subject to the circumstances.
Our standard policy is no refunds; however, we may allow for certain exceptions at our sole discretion, depending on the situation.
Accounts suspended or terminated due to policy violations will not be eligible for refunds. Customers who cancel services will receive a prorated refund for the unused service time within 30 days of cancellation.
By granting these licenses, you waive any so-called “moral rights” that you may have.
you irrevocably waive any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content.
you forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights of an author in any of the User Content.
To the extent permitted by applicable laws, you hereby waive any moral rights
Where applicable and permitted under applicable law, you also agree to waive any “moral rights” (or the equivalent under applicable law)
Finally, you irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against Fandango and its users any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Materials.
<li>You waive any moral rights you may have in Your Content with respect to our use of Your Content to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of your jurisdiction. If local laws do not allow for waiver of moral rights, instead you grant Riot Games the right to use Your Content and all elements of Your Content with or without your name or pseudonym, as well as to freely edit Your Content.
You also warrant that all moral rights in any material that you submit to us or post have been waived.
<p>If it is determined that you retain moral rights (including rights of attribution or integrity) in the content submitted by you, you hereby declare that (a) you do not require that any personally-identifying information be used in connection with the content, or any derivative works of or upgrades or updates thereto. (b) you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion and exploitation of the content by us or our licensees, successors and assigns. (c) you forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights of an author in any of the content. and (d) you forever release us, and our licensees, successors and assigns, from any claims that you could otherwise assert against us by virtue of any such moral rights.
Review Tool is Yotpo’s intellectual property – not yours;</li> <li>in respect of any reviews or other content you contribute through your use of the Review Tool, you grant Yotpo and Redbubble the perpetual right to use that content;</li> <li>if the concept of ‘moral rights’ (or analogous rights) in relation to content applies in your country, then you agree to waive those rights, to the extent permitted by local laws
You agree not to assert any moral rights or rights of publicity against us for using Your Content.
You waive any and all so-called Moral Rights or similar rights under any jurisdiction, now or hereafter recognized with respect to Kitsu's (or its assignee’s) exercise of its rights hereunder.
You hereby irrevocably waive (and agree to cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attributions with respect to your User Submissions.
You also waive to the full extent permitted by law any and all claims against us related to moral rights in the Content.
Except to the extent that any such waiver is prohibited by law, you hereby waive the benefit of any provision of law known as moral rights or droit moral or any similar law in any country of the world.
g. Moral rights</strong> </p> <p>When you upload a creation, you give up your moral rights to it. That means we can:</p> <ul> <li>Use your creation without identifying you as the creator</li> <li>Edit or change your creation and you won’t be able to say we’ve treated it in a “derogatory” way.</li>
You retain all moral rights to Your Content that you upload, publish, or submit to any part of the Service, including the rights of integrity and attribution. However, you waive these rights and agree not to assert them against us, to enable us to reasonably exercise the rights granted in Section E.4, but not otherwise.</p>
You agree to waive any moral rights to the extent permitted by law and that you will not withdraw the submission or attempt to make a charge for its use.
you forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights of an author in any of your Content.
You hereby waive any moral rights you may have in and to any of User Created Content, even if such material is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you.
You waive your moral rights in all UGC You create and any broadly equivalent rights
To the extent permissible under law, you irrevocably waive—or agree not to assert against Snap and its affiliates to the extent a waiver is not permitted—any moral rights or equivalent rights you may have in the Asset throughout the world.
You also hereby waive any moral rights you may have in your User Submissions
Ownership <p>Ownership and limitations: When purchasing a Gig on Fiverr, unless clearly stated otherwise on the Seller's Gig page/description, when the work is delivered, and subject to payment, the Buyer is granted all intellectual property rights, including but not limited to, copyright in the work delivered from the Seller, and the Seller waives any and all moral rights therein.
You also agree to waive and not to enforce any moral rights, ancillary rights or similar rights in or to the User Generated Content against us or our licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorized users, and agree to procure the same agreement to waive and not to enforce from others who may possess such rights.</p>
In submitting User Engagement to the Services, you agree to waive all moral rights in or to your User Engagement across the world, whether you have or have not asserted moral rights.
You hereby waive any moral rights you may have in your User Content.
Further, you acknowledge and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights of the content you provide, and you agree to waive your moral rights and promise not to assert such rights against PayPal.</p>
In addition, you warrant that all so-called moral rights in those materials have been waived.
Except as prohibited by law, you hereby waive, and you agree to waive, any moral rights (including attribution and integrity) that you may have in any UGC, even if it is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you. To the extent not waivable, you irrevocably agree not to exercise such rights (if any) in a manner that interferes with any exercise of the granted rights.
and shall constitute a waiver of any rights, ”moral rights,” or any similar rights under any jurisdiction.
You waive all moral rights with respect to any User Content you Provide to the Site.
Further, you agree to waive your moral rights and promise not to assert any rights in your content against us.
3) When you submit to 500px Licensing, you waive any moral rights (and any similar rights) with respect to the Visual Content to the extent permitted by law, and if no waiver is permitted, you agree not to enforce the right against 500px or our distributors or clients;
Except as prohibited by law, you hereby waive, and you agree to waive, any moral rights (including attribution and integrity) that you may have in any Content.
You waive any moral rights (or the equivalent under applicable law) such as your right to be identified as the author of any such information or to object to a particular use of the information.
Where applicable and permitted under applicable law, you also agree to waive and not enforce any “moral rights” or rights, such as your right to be identified as the author of your User Content,
You further agree that you waive any claims of moral rights or attribution over your Content.
You further agree to waive your moral rights for the purposes of this<br> license.
You hereby irrevocably waive (and agree to cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content.
you waive any claims against Wix or anyone on its behalf relating to any past, present or future moral rights, artists’ rights, or any other similar rights worldwide that you may have in or to your User Platform with respect to such limited permitted uses;
and you agree to waive all moral rights in relation to such content
Except as prohibited by law, you waive any rights of attribution and/or any so-called moral rights you may have in any User Content you submit, even if such User Content is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you.
You hereby waive to and in favour of TextNow, Your moral rights in and to Submissions made by You.</p> Term and Termination
To the extent permitted by applicable laws, You hereby waive any moral rights You may have in any User Content.
You agree to permanently waive any claims and declarations of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content.
You further waive any moral rights in your User Content, to the extent permitted by law, and acknowledge and agree that you shall not be entitled to any remuneration for such use of User Content.</
You further irrevocably waive any “moral rights”
When you upload a creation, you give up your moral rights to it. That means we can:</p> <ul> <li>Use your creation without identifying you as the creator</li> <li>Edit or change your creation and you won’t be able to say we’ve treated it in a “derogatory” way.</li>
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Users waive any moral rights in connection with content they provide to this Website.</p>
You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, moral, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof.
You further agree to waive your moral rights for the purposes of this license.
you waive any moral rights you may have in any User Content you submit, even if such User Content is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you.</p>
You hereby waive any moral, droit moral, or other author’s rights you may have in connection with any uses of your User Content by VSCO in accordance with the foregoing.
You also irrevocably waive and cause to be waived against us and any of our users any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to User Submissions.
Except as prohibited by law, you waive any rights of attribution and/or any so-called moral rights you may have in any User Content you submit, even if such User Content is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you.</p>
You voluntarily agree to waive all moral rights that you may have in your User Submission;
represent and warrant that the User Content is original to you, that no other party has any rights thereto, and that any moral rights in User Content have been waived
By submitting material to the Service and subject to any limitations under applicable law, you give up any claims that the use of that material violates any of your rights, including moral rights, privacy rights, proprietary rights, publicity rights, rights to credit for material or ideas or any other right, including the right to approve the way such material is used.
and shall constitute a&nbsp;waiver of&nbsp;any rights, ’’moral rights,’’ or&nbsp;any similar rights under any jurisdiction.
acknowledge that you may have what are known as “moral rights” in the Content, for example the right to be named as the creator of your entry and the right not to have work subjected to derogatory treatment. You agree to waive any such moral rights you may have in the Content.
You specifically waive any moral rights in and to the User Content.
Subject to any applicable account settings that you select, you grant Company a fully paid, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty- free, non-exclusive and fully sublicensable right (including any moral rights) and license to use, license, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform, and publicly display, Your Content (in whole or in part) for the purposes of operating and providing Company Properties to you.
You also agree that we may remove metadata associated with Your Content, and you irrevocably waive any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content
Waiver <p>You hereby consent to all acts or omissions by Flatmates.com.au, its licensees or others authorised by it, or its successors in title, which would otherwise constitute an infringement of any moral rights you have, or may have, in the Content or any part of it, or any material appearing in the Content, whatsoever and wheresoever subsisting throughout the world.
You warrant that any third party who has acquired any moral rights in the Content or any part of it, or any material appearing in the Content, has also waived his or her moral rights or consented to all acts or omissions (as applicable) on terms similar to the terms set out in these Terms and Conditions of Use
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you waive any moral rights of paternity, publication, reputation, or attribution with respect to Nexon’s and other players’ use and enjoyment of User Content in connection with the Services.
Finally, you irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against Yelp and its users any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to Your Content.
You waive any and all moral rights that you may have in the Content.
Where applicable and permitted under applicable law, you also agree to waive and not enforce any “moral rights” or equivalent rights, such as your right to be identified as the author of any User Content, including Feedback, and your right to object to derogatory treatment of such User Content.
You hereby waive, in favour of Crowdmark, your moral rights under Canada’s <em>Copyright Act</em> or any successor legislation or similar law under the laws of Canada or the laws of other countries, that you, as author, have or may in your Content.</li>
irrevocably and unconditionally waive any moral rights or similar rights you have in any Content pursuant to the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 (as amended, superseded or replaced from time to time) (the “Act”) or equivalent legislation anywhere in the World.</li>
By granting these licenses, you waive any so-called moral rights that you may have.
you forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights in any of the User Content.
To the extent permitted by applicable laws, you hereby waive any moral rights.
Where applicable and permitted under applicable law, you also agree to waive any “moral rights” (or the equivalent under applicable law).
You waive your moral rights in all UGC You create and any broadly equivalent rights.
You also hereby waive any moral rights you may have in your User Submissions.
Where applicable and permitted under applicable law, you also agree to waive and not enforce any “moral rights” or rights, such as your right to be identified as the author of your User Content, including Feedback, and your right to object to derogatory treatment of such User Content.
you waive any moral rights you may have in any User Content you submit, even if such User Content is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you.
By submitting your content, you agree to waive any moral rights you may have.
You irrevocably waive any moral rights related to your content submissions.
All moral rights to the submitted content are waived upon submission.
You agree to waive any moral rights associated with your user-generated content.
You forever waive any and all moral rights to the content you provide.
You hereby waive any claims to moral rights in your content.
Moral rights in any submitted material are waived to the fullest extent allowed by law.
You waive your moral rights to your content with respect to our usage.
All moral rights you may have in your content are waived by submitting it.
You agree to waive any moral rights to the content you create and submit.
By uploading your content, you waive any and all moral rights you may have.
You waive all moral rights in your user content upon submission.
Moral rights to your content are waived in favor of our usage.
You waive any moral rights to your submissions to the extent permitted by law.
Submitting content means you waive any moral rights you might have.
You irrevocably waive all moral rights in your user-generated content.
You agree to waive moral rights to your content, allowing us full usage.
By submitting, you waive any moral rights to your content.
You waive all claims to moral rights in your submitted content.
Any moral rights in your content are waived upon submission.
You agree to waive any moral rights in your content for our use.
Moral rights in your submissions are waived to allow us full use.
By providing content, you waive all moral rights associated with it.
You waive any moral rights to the content you submit.
Submitting your content waives any moral rights you may have.
You irrevocably waive any and all moral rights to your content.
You waive any moral rights in the content you submit to us.
All moral rights in your content are waived upon submission.
You agree to waive moral rights to your content, enabling our use.
By submitting content, you waive any claims to moral rights.
You waive any and all moral rights in your submitted content.
Submitting your content means waiving any moral rights.
You agree to waive all moral rights in your user content.
Moral rights in your submissions are waived for our usage.
You waive any moral rights to your content upon submission.
By providing content, you waive any moral rights you hold.
You waive all moral rights associated with your submissions.
You agree to waive any moral rights in your content submissions.
Submitting content waives all moral rights you may have.
You waive any and all moral rights in your provided content.
All moral rights to your submissions are waived upon submission.
You agree to waive moral rights to your content for our use.
By submitting, you waive all claims to moral rights in your content.
You waive any moral rights in your submitted content.
Submitting content means waiving any moral rights you hold.
You agree to waive all moral rights in your submissions.
Moral rights in your content are waived for our full use.
You waive any moral rights to the content you provide.
By providing content, you waive all moral rights you may have.
You agree to waive all moral rights in your user submissions.
All moral rights to your content are waived upon submission.
You waive any moral rights in your content submissions.
By submitting, you waive all moral rights to your content.
Submitting content waives any moral rights you may hold.
All moral rights in your content are waived for our use.
You waive any moral rights in the content you submit.
By submitting content, you waive all moral rights.
You waive any and all moral rights to your submissions.
Submitting content means waiving any moral rights you have.
All moral rights to your submissions are waived.
You waive any moral rights in the content you provide.
By providing content, you waive all moral rights.
You agree to waive all moral rights in your content.
All moral rights in your submissions are waived for our use.
You waive any moral rights in your provided content.
You waive any and all moral rights in your content submissions.
Submitting content waives any moral rights you hold.
All moral rights in your content are waived.
By submitting content, you waive all moral rights you hold.
All moral rights to your content are waived.
Submitting content waives any moral rights you may have.
All moral rights to your submissions are waived for our use.
ClassDojo may also sub-license such Activities to other Users of the Services at other schools
You grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and display any Content and any name, username or likeness that you post on or in connection with the Services in all media formats and channels now known or later developed without compensation to you.
By providing us User Content, you grant us a royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, fully sub-licensable, transferable, license to publish, reproduce, distribute, transmit, display, perform, edit, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works of, sell, offer for sale, export, and otherwise use and exploit your User Content in any way that we want and in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed.
As such, you hereby irrevocably grant Fandango and its affiliates and licensees a world-wide, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, assignable, sublicensable, transferable rights to use, including, but not limited to the right to copy, publicly perform and display, reproduce, distribute, modify, translate, remove, analyze, commercialize, and prepare derivative works of, any User Materials for any purpose.
You hereby grant SmugMug a royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable license in and to any feedback to use in any matter related to the operation of our business
As such, you hereby irrevocably grant Fandango and its affiliates and licensees a world-wide, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free,assignable, sublicensable, transferable rights to use,including, but not limited to the right to copy, publicly perform and display, reproduce, distribute, modify, translate, remove, analyze, commercialize, and prepare derivative works of, any User Materials for any purpose.
You grant Selfie2Anime a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive , royalty-free, worldwide, fully-paid, transferable sub-licensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and display your User Content and any name, username or likeness provided in connection with your User Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed, without compensation to you.</p>
<p>This license is worldwide, non-exclusive (which means you can still license your content to others), royalty-free (which means there are no fees for this license), transferable, and perpetual.</p>
By sending or transmitting to us Content, or by posting such Content to any area of the Sites, you grant us and our designees a worldwide, non-exclusive, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers), assignable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to link to, reproduce, distribute (through multiple tiers), adapt, create derivative works of, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform or otherwise use such Content in any media now known or hereafter developed.
<p>You grant Pinterest and our users a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide license to use, store, display, reproduce, save, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute your User Content on Pinterest solely for the purposes of operating, developing, providing, and using Pinterest.
<li>License to GETTR of Your UGC. Except as otherwise described in any applicable Additional Terms (such as a promotion’s official rules), which specifically govern the submission of your UGC, or in our Privacy Policy, you hereby grant GETTR the non-exclusive, unrestricted, unconditional, unlimited, worldwide,irrevocable, perpetual, and cost-free right and license to use, copy, record, distribute, reproduce, disclose, sell, re-sell,sublicense (through multiple levels), display, publicly perform, transmit, publish, broadcast, translate, make derivative works of, and otherwise use and exploit in any manner whatsoever, all or any portion of your UGC (and derivative works thereof), for any purpose whatsoever
With respect to Private User Content, you hereby do and shall grant to Prezi (and its successors, assignees, and third-party service providers) a worldwide, non-exclusive,royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable, and transferable license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, communicate to the public, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, distribute and transmit the content for the purpose of providing you, and those with whom you have shared your Private User Content, including but not limited to presentations, videos, with the Servic
However, you grant (and confirm and promise to us that you have the right to grant) to us and our affiliates, representatives, sublicensees and assigns an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive ,sub-licensable, royalty-free and fully-paid, license (sublicensable through multiple tiers) throughout the universe to use, distribute, syndicate, license, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform, create derivate works and publicly display your User Submissions (in whole or in part) in any format or medium now known or later developed.
You grant Spotify a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully paid, worldwide license to use, reproduce, make available to the public (e.g. perform or display), publish, translate, modify, create derivative works from, and distribute any of your User Content in connection with the Service through any medium, whether alone or in combination with other Content or materials, in any manner and by any means, method or technology, whether now known or hereafter created
By submitting content, you grant us and our partners a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, display, and distribute your content.
Your content, once provided, gives us and our affiliates an irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, and sublicensable right to use it in any form or media.
You grant us a sublicensable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable license to use and distribute your content globally through our service and partner networks.
Upon posting content, you confer to us and our third-party partners a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, and irrevocable license to use your content.
By providing content, you allow us and our sublicensees a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free right to use your content.
You grant us and our partners a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, and distribute your submitted content.
Your submission grants us, and entities we work with, a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use your content.
We are granted, along with our third-party associates, a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use your content.
By uploading content, you provide us and our affiliates a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, and distribute the content.
Your content grants us and designated third parties a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use and exploit it.
You give us and our partners a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, and irrevocable right to use, distribute, and display your content.
Upon content submission, you confer on us and our sublicensees a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, and irrevocable right to use your content.
By providing content, you grant a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to us and our partners to use and distribute that content.
Your submission of content bestows upon us and our third-party affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free right to use the content.
You authorize us and our partners a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, and distribute your content.
By submitting content, you grant both us and our third-party partners a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, and irrevocable right to use your content.
You provide us and our sublicensees a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, display, and distribute your content.
Your content, once shared with us, allows us and associated third parties an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use it.
We are granted, along with our partners, a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, adapt, and distribute your content.
Upon posting your content, you give us and our affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, and share your content.
You grant us and third parties we authorize a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free right to use and distribute your content.
By submitting your content, you provide us and our sublicensees a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use that content.
Your content confers upon us, and entities we collaborate with, a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free right to use your content.
You give us and our partners a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, and distribute your content.
Upon providing content, you grant us and our third-party partners a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable license to use and exploit the content.
Your submission of content grants us and our affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free right to use and distribute your content.
By uploading content, you confer on us and our sublicensees a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, adapt, and share your content.
You authorize us and third-party entities we work with an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, distribute, and display your content.
By submitting content, you grant us and authorized third parties a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use and distribute your content.
Your content, once posted, gives us and our partners a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, adapt, and share it.
Upon sharing content, you allow us and our affiliates a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free right to use and distribute that content.
By providing content, you grant both us and third-party collaborators a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use your content.
Your submission of content bestows upon us and our sublicensees a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, display, and exploit your content.
You authorize us and our partners to use and distribute your content globally under a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license.
By uploading content, you provide us and our affiliated entities a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free right to use and adapt the content.
Your content grants us and designated third parties an irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, and distribute your content.
Upon content submission, you confer on us and our partners a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, and irrevocable right to use and exploit your content.
By providing content, you grant a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to us and our sublicensees to use that content in any form.
Your submission of content grants us and associated third parties a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free right to use and distribute that content.
You provide us and our affiliates a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, display, and adapt your content upon submission.
By submitting your content, you grant both us and our third-party partners a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, and irrevocable right to use your content.
Upon posting content, you confer on us and our sublicensees a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, and irrevocable right to use and display your content.
By providing content to us, you grant a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, and royalty-free license to us and our partners to use and exploit the content.
You grant us and our partners a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, and distribute your submitted content.
Upon providing content, you allow us and our sublicensees a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free right to use your content.
Your content, once submitted, grants us a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, and royalty-free right to use and exploit it.
In submitting content, you provide us with a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, modify, and distribute the content.
GoDaddy expressly reserves the right to change or modify its prices and fees at any time, and such changes or modifications shall be posted online at this Site and effective immediately without need for further notice to you.
Further, you acknowledge that FileFactory.com may change subscription fees at any time without notice.
Price and availability are subject to change without notice.</p>
Prices and availability for products and services offered in Staples stores throughout the United States may vary Price and availability are subject to change without notice.</p>
Fees for Premium Membership or any other portion of the Service may be changed at any time without prior notice.
Prices for the products are subject to change without notice.</p> <p>
Prices, descriptions or availability of Products are outlined in the respective sections of Snopes and are subject to change without notice.
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time without notice to you.
our company reserves the right to change its prices without notice at any time.
HP may make changes to the This Website, or to the products, services and prices described in This Website, at any time without notice.</li>
We reserve the right to change our pricing without notice at sole discretion
All prices are subject to change without notice
We further reserve the right to change the subscription fees at our sole discretion
Viber reserves the right to revise the fees at any time in its sole discretion; if you do not agree with such revisions, you may cancel the subscription as detailed below
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice
We reserve the right to change MasterClass's prices. Your continued use of the Service after the price change becomes effective constitutes your agreement to pay the changed amount.
Lees may vary based on your location and other factors, and Coursera reserves the right to change any fees at any time at its sole discretion. Any change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting through the relevant Services.
Terms and conditions, features, support, pricing, and service options subject to change without notice
All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us
We reserve the right to adjust prices in our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you
We reserve the right to adjust prices as we may determine in our sole discretion, at any time and without notice, including without limitation,
All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us.',
The Company retains the right to adjust pricing for its products or services without providing prior notification.
Prices for products and services are subject to change without advance notice. It is recommended to frequently check the website for the most up-to-date pricing information.
We may modify the prices of our offerings without any prior warning. Such changes will be posted on our platform and will be enforceable immediately.
The Company reserves the right to alter pricing for any reason at its discretion, with no obligation to give prior notice to customers.
Price changes for Recurring Subscriptions will take effect at the start of the next subscription period following the date of the price change.
SECTION 4 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right to change the prices of the services, which includes changing from a paid service to a free to play service, and vice versa.
Price adjustments for products or services may occur without warning.
Prices are subject to alteration at any time without advance notification.
The pricing of our offerings may change without prior notice.
We hold the right to modify prices without warning.
Changes in pricing may be executed without prior notification.
The Company maintains the discretion to adjust prices without providing advance notice.
We reserve the right to change prices without notice.
Price modifications can occur without prior warning.
Our pricing is subject to change without advance notice.
The Company may adjust prices without prior warning.
Prices of products and services may change without advance notice.
We may alter prices without prior notification.
The Company reserves the right to modify prices at its discretion, without the obligation to provide advance notice to customers.
Price adjustments may occur without prior warning.
Changes to pricing can be made without advance notice.
The pricing of our products or services is subject to change without prior notification
The company maintains an explicit right to adjust prices without notice, under the discretion conferred by its policies. Such changes take effect immediately upon implementation.
Prices for products and services can change without advance notice at the company's discretion.
The company's discretion allows for potential changes in prices without prior warning.
The company is authorized to modify prices at any time, without obligation to notify customers beforehand.
Price adjustments may occur without prior notice, as deemed necessary by the company.
The company has the authority to make price modifications without prior notice.
Pricing adjustments can be made without providing advance notification, as per the company's terms.
The company retains the right to change prices without notice.
Our pricing may change without advance notice due to company policy.
The company reserves the right to modify prices without notice.
Price adjustments may occur without advance notice as per company discretion.
Changes in pricing can be executed without prior warning according to company policies.
The company's pricing of products and services may change without prior notification.
We may adjust our service prices at any time without prior notification.
Our company reserves the right to modify pricing for any products or services without advance notice.
Prices for all items are subject to change at our discretion, without any prior announcement.
We hold the authority to alter prices for our offerings at any moment without notice.
The cost of our services may vary without prior warning, at our sole discretion.
We reserve the right to change our pricing structure at any time, without prior notice.
Prices of our products and services are subject to change without notice at any time.
We retain the right to adjust our prices as necessary, without providing advance notice.
Our company may revise pricing without prior notification to customers.
The cost of services offered by our company is subject to change without prior notice.
We may update our pricing policies at any time without issuing a prior announcement.
Prices are variable and can be altered by us at any time without notice.
We reserve the right to amend pricing for our products or services without any notice.
Our service fees are subject to change at our discretion, without prior warning.
We may change the prices of our services at any time without providing notice.
The pricing for our services is not fixed and may change without prior notification.
We retain the discretion to modify service prices at any time, without prior notice.
Prices for our offerings are subject to change without advance warning.
We reserve the right to adjust our service fees at any time, without prior notice.
The company has the authority to change prices without prior announcement.
We may update our pricing at any time without the need to notify customers in advance.
Our company may revise service fees without providing notice to customers.
Prices of our products are subject to change at any moment without prior notice.
The cost of our offerings can be adjusted at any time without notice.
We reserve the right to alter our pricing strategy at any time, without prior notice.
Our company holds the right to modify prices without issuing any notice.
We may change our service prices without any prior warning to our customers.
Prices for our services may be revised at any time without advance notice.
The company may adjust pricing for its services without prior notification.
We reserve the authority to change our prices at any moment without prior notice.
The cost of our products is not fixed and can change without prior warning.
We may update our prices without the need to provide prior notice.
Our company has the discretion to alter prices at any time without notice.
Prices for our products and services are subject to change without notice.
We hold the right to revise our pricing without any prior announcement.
Our service fees may be adjusted at any time without providing advance notice.
The company reserves the right to change service prices without prior notification.
We may modify our pricing structure at any time, without prior notice.
Prices for our offerings are not fixed and may be changed without notice.
We reserve the right to alter pricing for our products at any time without notice.
Our company may change prices at its discretion without prior warning.
The cost of services provided by our company may vary without advance notice.
We retain the right to adjust our service fees without prior notification.
Prices of our products and services may be revised at any time without notice.
We may change our pricing policies at any moment, without prior announcement.
The pricing of our services is subject to change without prior warning.
Our company holds the authority to modify prices without issuing notice.
We reserve the right to update our service prices without any prior warning.
The cost of our offerings can change at any time without prior notice.
We maintain the discretion to revise pricing for our services without advance notification.
Subscription fees for our services may be adjusted without prior notice.
We retain the right to alter our pricing without notice at any time.
Prices for our services are subject to change without prior warning.
The company reserves the right to modify its prices at any moment without prior notice.
Prices and fees may be changed at our discretion without providing advance notice.
Our pricing is subject to change without prior notice.
The company may adjust prices for any products or services without prior notification.
We reserve the right to revise prices without issuing any prior notice.
Prices of our services may be altered at any time without advance notice.
We may change our pricing structure without prior notice to customers.
The company holds the right to modify prices at its discretion without prior notice.
Prices for our products and services can change without prior notice.
The cost of our services may be revised at any moment without advance notice.
We reserve the right to adjust our fees without providing prior notice.
Our pricing strategy may be updated at any time without notice.
We may change the prices of our offerings without any prior warning.
The company can alter pricing for its services without prior notification.
Prices for our products are subject to change without advance notice.
We retain the right to revise prices as necessary without prior notice.
Our service fees may change at any time without advance notice.
The company reserves the right to adjust its prices without issuing prior notice.
We may modify the pricing of our services at any time without providing advance notice.
Prices for our products and services may change without any prior warning.
The cost of our offerings may be adjusted at any moment without notice.
We retain the discretion to update our pricing without providing prior notice.
The company may alter prices for its services without issuing advance notice.
Prices for our offerings can be revised at any time without notice.
We may change our pricing policies without prior warning.
The company holds the authority to modify prices without issuing any prior notice.
Prices for our services are subject to change without providing advance notice.
The cost of our products can change at any moment without prior notice.
We reserve the right to adjust our pricing structure at any time without notice.
Our service fees are subject to change without providing prior notice.
The company may revise pricing for its products without advance notice.
Prices for our offerings may be updated at any time without prior warning.
We retain the right to alter prices without issuing any prior notice.
The cost of our services may be modified without advance notice.
We may change the pricing of our products at any moment without notice.
The company reserves the right to update its prices without prior notification.
Prices for our services can be adjusted without providing prior notice.
We may alter our pricing structure at any time without issuing notice.
The cost of our products and services may change without prior warning.
We retain the right to modify our prices at any moment without advance notice.
The company holds the discretion to adjust prices without providing prior notice.
Prices for our offerings may be revised without issuing any prior notice.
We may change the cost of our services without prior notice.
The company reserves the right to alter its pricing without providing advance notice.
Prices for our products may be updated at any moment without prior warning.
We retain the right to change our pricing without issuing prior notice.
The cost of our offerings may be adjusted without providing prior notice.
We may revise our pricing structure at any time without notice.
Prices for our services can change without issuing advance notice.
The company holds the right to modify its prices without providing prior notice.
Prices for our products and services may be altered without issuing any prior notice.
We reserve the right to update our pricing without providing advance notice.
The cost of our services may change at any moment without prior notice.
We retain the discretion to revise our pricing structure without issuing notice.
The company may adjust prices for its offerings without providing prior notice.
Prices for our products may be revised at any time without advance notice.
We may change the cost of our services without issuing prior notice.
The company reserves the right to alter pricing for its products without providing advance notice.
Prices for our offerings can be updated at any moment without prior warning.
We retain the right to change our prices without issuing any prior notice.
The cost of our services may be modified without providing advance notice.
We may adjust our pricing structure without issuing prior notice.
Prices for our products and services may change without providing any prior notice.
The company holds the discretion to alter its prices without issuing prior notice.
Prices for our offerings may be adjusted without providing advance notice.
We may revise the cost of our services at any time without issuing notice.
The company reserves the right to update pricing for its products without providing prior notice.
Prices for our services can be changed without issuing any prior notice.
We retain the right to modify our pricing structure without providing advance notice.
The cost of our products may be revised at any moment without prior notice.
We may alter the prices of our services without issuing prior notice.
The company holds the right to adjust pricing for its offerings without providing prior notice.
Prices for our products and services may be updated without issuing any prior notice.
We reserve the right to change our pricing without providing advance notice.
The cost of our offerings may be adjusted at any moment without prior notice.
We retain the discretion to revise our pricing structure without providing prior notice.
The company may alter prices for its services without issuing prior notice.
Our prices may fluctuate without advance warning.
Pricing details are subject to revision without prior notice.
The rates for our services may be modified at any time without alert.
We reserve the authority to alter our fee structure without notification.
Charges for services are liable to change without any notice.
Pricing for our offerings can be updated at our discretion without prior notice.
Service fees are subject to adjustment without forewarning.
We may change our product prices without providing prior alert.
The cost of services offered may vary without previous notice.
Our pricing policy allows for changes without advance warning.
Modifications to pricing may occur without any prior notification.
We reserve the right to update service charges without notifying customers.
Prices for our products can be altered at any time, unannounced.
The cost of our services may be revised without forewarning.
We hold the discretion to adjust our prices without prior alert.
Service fees may be amended without previous notice.
We may update our prices without issuing an alert in advance.
Prices can change at our discretion without any prior notification.
The company reserves the right to revise product costs without prior notice.
We may alter pricing structures without forewarning customers.
The cost of services can be adjusted without giving prior notice.
We retain the right to change prices without issuing a prior alert.
Pricing updates may be made without any prior warning.
The company may revise service fees without forewarning.
We reserve the right to modify prices without giving prior notice.
Prices may be adjusted at any time without notifying customers.
We may update our service fees without providing prior notice.
The company holds the authority to alter prices without prior alert.
Service charges can change without previous notification.
We may modify the pricing of our offerings without giving prior notice.
Prices for services may be revised at any moment without alert.
The company can adjust prices without forewarning customers.
Pricing may be updated without providing prior notice.
We retain the right to amend our prices without any prior notification.
The cost of services may change without prior alert.
Prices can be altered at our discretion without forewarning.
We may revise our fee structure without providing prior notice.
The company reserves the right to adjust prices without giving notice.
Service fees are liable to change without forewarning.
We may change our prices at any time without prior alert.
The cost of our services can be modified without notifying customers.
Prices may be updated without issuing prior notice.
We reserve the right to alter our pricing without prior notification.
Service charges can be revised at any time without forewarning.
We may modify our prices without providing previous notice.
The company holds the right to update prices without alert.
Pricing changes may be made without forewarning customers.
We retain the authority to adjust service fees without prior notice.
Prices can be revised without issuing any prior notification.
We may alter our fee structure at any time without alert.
The cost of services may vary without forewarning.
Prices may be modified at our discretion without prior notice.
We reserve the right to update service charges without alert.
The company may change prices without providing previous notice.
Service fees can be adjusted at any moment without forewarning.
We may revise the cost of our services without issuing prior notice.
Prices for our offerings may be altered without giving notice.
We retain the right to modify prices without forewarning.
The company can revise pricing structures without providing prior notice.
Prices may be changed without issuing an alert in advance.
We reserve the authority to update service fees without prior notice.
The cost of services may be adjusted at any time without forewarning.
Prices can be revised without providing previous notification.
We may alter our pricing without giving prior notice.
The company holds the right to change prices without alert.
Service fees may be updated without issuing prior notice.
We retain the discretion to adjust pricing without providing prior notice.
Prices may be altered at any moment without forewarning.
We reserve the right to modify service charges without alert.
The company may update prices without giving prior notice.
Service fees can be revised without providing previous notice.
We may change the cost of our services without forewarning.
Prices can be adjusted without issuing prior notice.
We reserve the authority to revise prices without providing prior alert.
Prices may be modified at any time without prior notification.
We retain the right to update our prices without issuing alert.
The company can change service fees without providing previous notice.
Service charges may be adjusted without forewarning customers.
We may revise pricing structures without giving prior notice.
By using our service, you grant us permission to display your username, profile picture, and content next to advertisements without compensation.
Your engagement with our platform allows us to use your name and uploaded content in marketing materials, including digital and print ads.
Participating in our online community permits us to feature your contributions, such as comments or posts, alongside your username and avatar in promotional campaigns.
We reserve the right to use your public profile information, including your name and photo, in conjunction with your activities like likes and shares, for advertising content.
By posting content on our platform, you consent to us using your submissions, along with your user details, in our external marketing efforts.
Your use of our services implies agreement to have your user-generated content, including your name and likeness, featured in advertising materials, both online and offline.
When you participate in our forum, you grant us the right to use your posts and related profile information in marketing initiatives.
We may use your name, profile image, and content for creating targeted marketing materials showcasing your interactions with our services.
Your activity on our site grants us permission to display your content alongside your username and profile picture in advertising campaigns.
Engaging with our platform means your uploaded content and personal identifiers may be utilized in promotional content.
By sharing content on our network, you agree to let us use your posts and identity in marketing materials across various channels.
Your interactions with our service grant us the right to use your content and personal details for advertising purposes, without remuneration.
You consent to our use of your personal content and profile information for the creation and display of promotional materials.
Participation in our services includes granting us the right to use your submitted content and profile details for advertising and promotional use.
By posting on our platform, you allow us to feature your content and profile details in our marketing efforts.
We may include your shared content and identifiable information in our promotional activities.
Your use of our services permits us to incorporate your user-generated content in marketing initiatives.
Engaging with our platform gives us the right to utilize your content and personal details for promotional materials.
By contributing to our platform, you agree to let us use your posts and associated profile information in marketing campaigns.
Your participation implies consent for us to display your username and content in connection with sponsored content.
By using our services, you provide us the right to use your posted content in our advertising efforts.
Your engagement grants us permission to include your contributions in our marketing materials.
We may use your profile information and posted content in our marketing collateral.
Your activity on our platform may be used alongside your name and profile picture for personalized advertising.
You authorize us to incorporate your user-generated content and personal details in marketing campaigns.
Participating in our services allows us to use your posts and profile information in advertising materials.
By posting on our site, you permit us to feature your content and profile details in marketing initiatives.
Your contributions to our platform may be used in promotional activities.
Engaging with our services implies your agreement for us to use your shared content in our marketing efforts.
You consent to our use of your shared posts and profile information in advertising materials.
Your interactions on our platform grant us the right to use your content in marketing materials.
By using our service, you allow us to incorporate your content and identity in advertising campaigns.
Participation in our community includes consenting to the use of your posts and profile information for marketing purposes.
Your uploaded content and personal profile details may be utilized in our marketing campaigns.
We reserve the right to feature your user-generated content in our marketing efforts.
Engaging with our services gives us permission to use your profile information and content in advertising materials.
By posting on our platform, you agree to let us use your content and personal details in marketing activities.
Your participation allows us to display your user content in promotional efforts.
You authorize us to use your content in our marketing and advertising campaigns.
Your interactions on our service permit us to include your contributions in promotional content.
By using our platform, you consent to our use of your posts in our marketing materials.
You agree that your user-generated content can be used in our advertising campaigns.
Participating in our platform gives us the right to use your content in marketing initiatives.
Your contributions and profile information may be featured in our marketing campaigns.
By engaging with our platform, you provide consent for us to use your posts in our advertising efforts.
We may use your shared content in our marketing materials.
You allow us to incorporate your user-generated content in marketing initiatives.
Your participation on our platform implies consent for us to use your contributions in marketing materials.
Engaging with our services grants us the right to use your posted content in our promotional content.
By utilizing our service, you grant us the unrestricted right to use your content for marketing purposes.
Your engagement on our platform permits us to freely utilize your content in our advertising materials.
We reserve the right to use your name and content in our corporate communications.
Your participation implies consent for us to use your personal attributes in our training materials.
By posting content on our site, you allow us to use your identity in our market research.
We may use your name and contributions in our customer service materials.
Your content and personal details may be utilized in our product demonstrations.
Contributions to the Services, such as posts, comments (including drafts), audio and video broadcasts, interactions with other users (such as private messages, chats, and communication with moderators), as well as reports and other correspondences with us, are gathered. This content may encompass text, links, images, animations, audio, and videos.
Chat messages are screened by automated algorithms to identify spam.
Please be aware that interactions or communications with us, whether via the Service or phone calls, may be subject to monitoring and recording for quality evaluation.
In response to complaints from other users, we maintain the prerogative to assess user account activities, including private discussions, account specifics, and order histories.
Data shared one-on-one or within a restricted group through messaging, chat, posting, or analogous features may be accumulated where permitted by relevant laws.
Your private conversations and associated data may be stored and processed for the detection of malicious content, spam identification, identification of prohibited images, content review for terms of use breaches, or response to legal processes.
Please acknowledge that any submissions, whether through private messages or community pages, will be collected, including Personal Information.
Data exchanged either individually or within a limited cluster through messaging, chat, posting, or similar features may be amassed when allowable by applicable regulations.
We deploy automated scanning technology to facilitate and secure our platform. This assists in suggesting potential responses, managing or obstructing content violating our User Agreement or Professional Community Policies from our Services.
We amass, process (including scanning and analysis), and retain data shared through our messaging functionality. This encompasses message content, transmission times, recipients, and read statuses.
By default, we store chat logs on our servers. Nonetheless, a platform-wide alternative is available, enabling hosts to deactivate this feature, retaining chats locally but relinquishing session-to-session continuity.
Any images or documents uploaded for Build Mode are stored by us. They remain encrypted while at rest within cloud storage.
Our approach combines automated mechanisms and a team of moderators to evaluate accounts, messages, and profiles for potential violations of our Terms and Conditions.
Furthermore, users (both Buyers and Sellers) agree that unless they explicitly indicate otherwise, the content users voluntarily create/upload to Fiverr, including Gig texts, photos, videos, usernames, user photos, user videos and any other information, including the display of delivered work, may be used by Fiverr for no consideration for marketing and/or other purposes.</p>
to reproduce, read, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, publicly display and publicly perform any materials and other information (including, without limitation, ideas contained therein for new or improved products and services) you submit to any public or private areas of the Service (such as listings, comments, messages, feedback, bulletin boards, forums and newsgroups) or by e-mail to Listia by all means and in any media now known or hereafter developed.
f. And we can use it</strong> </p> <ul> <li>Anywhere in the world</li> <li>In any medium (for example TV, the internet, radio and apps)
license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and display any Content and any name, username or likeness that you post on or in connection with the Services in all media formats and channels now known or later developed without compensation to you.
to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display it alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed,
enabling Pearltrees to use, to communicate to members of the public, to reproduce, to adapt, to modify, to transmit and to disseminate this Collection on any medium, worldwide, for the legal duration of the protection of the intellectual property rights.
You are granting Rumble an exclusive, worldwide, commercial, sub-licensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, edit, syndicate, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the Content in connection with the Service and Rumble's (and its successors', partners and affiliates') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. <p>
to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and display your User Content and any name, username or likeness provided in connection with your User Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed, without compensation to you.</p>
to use, distribute, copy, edit, adapt, license, distribute, transmit, publish, publicly perform or display any such Content in any form or medium anywhere in the World.
The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels. </p> <p>&nbsp;</p> <p>This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed
to store, use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display such intellectual property in any media or medium, or any form, format, or forum now known or hereafter developed.
You grant to www.dhakatribune.com a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media.
Further, by submitting Content, you assign all worldwide rights, title and interest in and to such Content to Mobygames, including all copyrights in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed.
(in any and all media, now known or hereafter invented, including without limitation television, home video/DVD products, and mobile services)
to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display it alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known or hereafter developed,
When you post your content, you grant wordreference.com non-exclusive, royalty-free and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, publish, modify such content throughout the world in any media.</p>
right to use, reproduce, distribute and display (including for commercial purposes) on the Service and in other media any content or material that you post on the Service, and any name(s) and/or avatar under which you post such content.
to use, host, store, cache, reproduce, publish, display (publicly or otherwise), perform (publicly or otherwise), distribute, transmit, modify, adapt (including, without limitation, in order to conform it to the requirements of any networks, devices, services, or media through which the Services are available)
to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the User Submissions in connection with the Webmail.co.za Website and Webmail.co.za's (and its successors' and affiliates') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Webmail.co.za Website (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels.
throughout the universe to use, distribute, syndicate, license, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform, create derivate works and publicly display your User Submissions (in whole or in part) in any format or medium now known or later developed.
<p>By contributing content to any ABC Online Service, you grant the ABC a royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to use Your Content in any way that we want, and in any media worldwide.
to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content, in whole or in part, on the OSI Service or other publications by OSI in any media whether now existing or which come into the existence into the future
<li>We can use such Submission in a website, digital, print or any other media throughout the world forever.</li>
in any form or media now known or hereafter developed (including without limitation in print, magnetic or electronic form)
you authorise BlaBlaCar to reproduce all or part of your Member Content on any digital recording media, known or as yet unknown, and notably on any server, hard disk, memory card, or any other equivalent media, in any format and by any process, known or as yet unknown, to the extent necessary to any operation of storage, backup, transmission or download linked to the operation of the Platform and the provision of the Service;</li>
in all formats, on or through any means or medium now known or hereafter developed, and with any technology or devices now known or hereafter developed
Your Content, in whole or in part, without further review or participation from you, in any medium now existing or subsequently developed, in editorial, commercial, promotional, and trade uses in connection with the NG brand, NG Products, and Society’s branded channels on existing and future social media platforms (such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, Pinterest, and subsequent new platforms)
to use, modify, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such Content on and through the Website and the Website Service and in any other form or medium.
you have all rights necessary to grant to Canva a multi-use, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, translate, distribute, syndicate, publicly perform, publicly display, and make derivative works of all such User Content and your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in your User Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed
to use, host, store, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, create derivative works, communicate, display, and/or distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods as part of providing, promoting, or improving Symbaloo’s Products.
You agree to freely dedicate your public contributions to the public domain or, where that is not possible because of law, to freely dedicate your publications using the Creative Commons CC0 Public Domain Dedication (contributions prior to October 27, 2014 were made without reference to specific licensing terms).
to reproduce, distribute, transmit, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, modify, create derivative works of, incorporate into other works and otherwise use and commercially exploit any User Content in any media now existing or hereafter developed, including without limitation on websites, in audio format, and in any print media format.
Any User Contribution that you Post will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and you grant Epic a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such User Contribution throughout the world in any media.
However, by submitting User Material you hereby grant Headspace an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty free, worldwide license to use, telecast, copy, perform, display, edit, distribute and otherwise exploit the User Material you post on the Products, or any portion thereof, and any ideas, concepts, or know how contained therein, with or without attribution, and without the requirement of any permission from or payment to you or to any other person or entity, in any manner (including, without limitation, for commercial, publicity, trade, promotional, or advertising purposes) and in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such User Material,
Your Content and any name, username, voice, or likeness provided in connection with Your Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed. This license includes the right for us to make Your Content available for syndication, broadcast, distribution, or publication by other companies, organizations, or individuals who partner with Project Z.
license to use, copy, display, publicly perform, transmit, modify,&nbsp. publish, distribute, make derivative works of, sublicense, and otherwise commercially and non-commercially exploit&nbsp. and use Your Content (in whole or in part) in any manner or medium now existing or hereafter developed (including print and electronic storage) and for any purpose.
to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, incorporate into other works, distribute, perform, display, and otherwise exploit such content, in whole or in part in any form, media or technology now known or later developed.</p> <p>
Each Guest or Member hereby grants to E-Poll, it's successors, assigns and licensees, an irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, perform, create derivative works from, and display any message or other content of any nature whatsoever, in whole or in part, submitted by such Guest or Member in the course of, or arising out of, such Guest's or Member's participation in the Service, and to incorporate such content in other works in any form, media or technology now known or hereinafter developed.</p>
to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, publish, translate, create derivative works from, exploit, perform and display such User Content (in whole or part) throughout the world and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed
If you don't sign into your account periodically, we reserve the right to assume your account is inactive, and you agree that we may close it for you. You understand that you will lose access to any Content stored in your account upon closure.
We may reclaim your account name and might make it available to other users when you have not logged into your account for 6 months
the company may suspend or terminate user accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time, or in the event of a violation of these Terms, with or without notice.
If you fail to use your account for an extended period, we reserve the right to consider it inactive, and you acknowledge that we may close it on your behalf. Please note that closure will result in the loss of access to any stored Content.
Your account name may be reclaimed and potentially reassigned to other users if you haven't logged in for a duration of 6 months or if we find it reasonable to do so.
the company reserves the right to suspend or terminate user accounts that remain inactive for an extended period or in the event of a breach of these Terms. Such actions may occur with or without prior notice.
In cases of prolonged account inactivity, we maintain the right to assume your account is no longer in use and may proceed to close it. It's important to understand that this closure will result in the loss of access to any Content stored within the account.
After a period of 6 months without account activity, we may choose to release your account name for potential use by other users.
If a Member Account is inactive for twenty-four (24) consecutive months, that Member Account will forfeit all accumulated Points
American Airlines reserves the right to terminate your AAdvantage® account for inactivity.
If a Member does not maintain an active status for five (5) consecutive years, the Member’s Account may be deactivated.
the company may, at its discretion, suspend or terminate user accounts that display extended periods of inactivity or violate these Terms. Such actions may be taken with or without prior notice.
Failure to log in and use your account for an extended duration may lead us to consider it inactive, and we retain the right to close it. Keep in mind that account closure entails the loss of access to any Content stored within.
If your account remains unused for 6 months or if we determine it appropriate, your account name may be released for possible assignment to other users.
the company reserves the authority to suspend or terminate user accounts in cases of prolonged inactivity or breaches of these Terms. Such actions may be executed with or without advance notice.
Accounts that exhibit extended periods of inactivity may be deemed inactive, and we hold the prerogative to close them. Please be aware that this action results in the forfeiture of access to any Content stored in the account.
Account names that haven't been used for 6 months may become available for assignment to other users.
the company maintains the discretion to suspend or terminate user accounts for extended periods of inactivity or violations of these Terms. Such actions may be undertaken with or without prior notice.
In the event of an extended period of non-use, we may conclude that your account is inactive and proceed to close it. It's important to note that account closure leads to the loss of access to any stored Content.
After a span of 6 months without account activity, we may choose to release your account name for potential use by other users.
the company may, at its discretion, suspend or terminate user accounts that demonstrate extended inactivity or contravene these Terms. Such actions may occur with or without prior notification.
Failure to log in and utilize your account for an extended timeframe may result in us considering it inactive, and we maintain the right to close it. Keep in mind that account closure involves the loss of access to any Content stored within.
If your account remains unused for 6 months or if we find it appropriate, your account name may be released for potential assignment to other users.
the company reserves the authority to suspend or terminate user accounts in cases of extended inactivity or violations of these Terms. Such actions may be executed with or without advance notice.
If you neglect to log into your account periodically, we reserve the right to assume it's inactive, and you acknowledge that we may close it. Closure entails the loss of access to any Content stored in your account.
Your account name might be reclaimed and made available to other users if you haven't logged in for 6 months or if we deem it reasonable.
In cases of extended account inactivity, the company may suspend or terminate user accounts, with or without notice, especially if these Terms are violated.
When your account remains dormant for an extended period, we may consider it inactive and proceed to close it, leading to the loss of access to stored Content.
After 6 months of account inactivity, your account name could be released for potential use by other users.
the company retains the right to suspend or terminate user accounts displaying prolonged inactivity or breaches of these Terms, with or without advance notice.
Failure to use your account for an extended duration may result in it being deemed inactive, and we reserve the right to close it. Note that account closure means losing access to stored Content.
the company may, at its discretion, suspend or terminate user accounts due to extended periods of inactivity or violations of these Terms, with or without prior notice.
Accounts that exhibit lengthy inactivity may be considered inactive, and we may close them, leading to the loss of access to stored Content.
If you fail to log in and use your account for an extended period, we may consider it inactive and proceed to close it. Account closure results in the loss of access to any Content stored within.
After 6 months of account inactivity or if we deem it necessary, your account name may be released for potential use by other users.
the company has the discretion to suspend or terminate user accounts for prolonged inactivity or violations of these Terms, with or without prior notice.
the company maintains the authority to suspend or terminate user accounts for prolonged inactivity or breaches of these Terms, with or without advance notice.
If you don't log in and utilize your account for an extended period, we may assume it's inactive and close it. Keep in mind that account closure results in the loss of access to any stored Content.
After 6 months of account inactivity, your account name may become available for potential use by other users.
the company has the discretion to suspend or terminate user accounts for prolonged inactivity or violations of these Terms, with or without prior notification.
Accounts that remain inactive for an extended period may be deemed inactive, and we reserve the right to close them. Account closure leads to the loss of access to stored Content.
the company retains the authority to suspend or terminate user accounts for prolonged inactivity or breaches of these Terms, with or without advance notice.
If you neglect to log in and use your account periodically, we may assume it's inactive and proceed to close it. Account closure entails the loss of access to any stored Content.
After 6 months of account inactivity, your account name may be made available for potential use by other users.
the company has the discretion to suspend or terminate user accounts due to extended periods of inactivity or violations of these Terms, with or without prior notice.
Accounts that exhibit extended periods of inactivity may be classified as inactive, and we hold the prerogative to close them. Please be aware that this action results in the forfeiture of access to any Content stored in the account.
the company may, at its discretion, suspend or terminate user accounts that remain inactive for an extended period or violate these Terms. Such actions may occur with or without advance notice.
Failure to log in and use your account for an extended duration may lead us to consider it inactive, and we maintain the right to close it. Keep in mind that account closure involves the loss of access to any Content stored within.
the company reserves the authority to suspend or terminate user accounts in cases of extended inactivity or breaches of these Terms. Such actions may be executed with or without prior notification.
the company maintains the discretion to suspend or terminate user accounts for extended periods of inactivity or violations of these Terms. Such actions may occur with or without prior notice.
After a span of 6 months without account activity, your account name may be released for potential use by other users.
the company maintains the discretion to suspend or terminate user accounts for prolonged inactivity or violations of these Terms. Such actions may occur with or without prior notice.
Failure to log in and use your account for an extended period may result in it being deemed inactive, and we reserve the right to close it. Note that account closure means losing access to stored Content.
the company retains the authority to suspend or terminate user accounts for prolonged inactivity or violations of these Terms, with or without advance notice.
Account names unused for 6 months may be released for assignment to other users.
Failure to log in and use your account for an extended duration may result in it being deemed inactive, and we maintain the right to close it. Note that account closure means losing access to stored Content.
the company has the discretion to suspend or terminate user accounts for prolonged inactivity or breaches of these Terms, with or without prior notification.
Account names unused for 6 months may become available for assignment to other users.
the company maintains the authority to suspend or terminate user accounts for extended periods of inactivity or violations of these Terms. Such actions may occur with or without prior notice.
If you neglect to log in and use your account periodically, we may assume it's inactive and close it. Account closure entails the loss of access to any stored Content.
the company has the authority to suspend or terminate user accounts due to extended periods of inactivity or violations of these Terms, with or without advance notice.
We reserve the right to change our pricing
We also reserve the right, but are not required, to terminate any Hulu account that remains inactive for an extended period of time, e.g., more than one year (failure to log in to your Hulu account will constitute inactivity for purposes of this Agreement)
We also reserve the right to take appropriate legal action against you for violating intellectual property rights, fraud, or similar grounds for termination.
We and our Third Party Service Providers may monitor your Communications to evaluate the quality of service you receive, your compliance with the SOSA, the security of the Schwab Services, or for other reasons.
YOUR LICENSE TO SCHWAB Unless otherwise indicated for a particular Schwab Service, any communications or material of any kind that you e-mail, post or otherwise transmit through the Schwab Services, including data, questions, comments, or suggestions (your Communications) will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
If you access Schwab from a public location or if you otherwise share a computer or electronic device, some personalization features could reveal non-public personal information about you to others.
MONITORING BY SCHWAB Schwab, its affiliates and agents are entitled, but not obligated, to review or retain your Communications.
Where applicable and to the extent permitted under applicable law, you also agree to waive, and not to enforce, any moral rights or equivalent rights, such as your right to be identified as the author of any User Content, including Feedback, and your right to object to derogatory treatment of such User Content.
Spotify may reclaim, or require you to change, your username for any reason.
We do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods, except as expressly stated in these Terms.
Spotify has no obligation to provide any specific content through the Spotify Service, and Spotify or the applicable owners may remove access to particular songs, videos, podcasts, audiobooks and other Content without notice.
Content prices may change at any time.
...Content.” Because Public Content is inherently public, you grant Snap, our affiliates, other users of the Services, and our business partners an unrestricted, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, and perpetual right and license to create derivative works from, promote, exhibit, broadcast, syndicate,...
...we reserve the right to remove any offending content; terminate or limit the visibility of your account, and retain data relating to your account in accordance with our data retention policies; and notify third parties — including law enforcement —...
While we’re not required to do so, we reserve the right to access, review, screen, and delete any content:
This means, among other things, that you will not be entitled to any compensation if your content, videos, photos, sound recordings, musical compositions, name, image, likeness, or voice are used by us, our affiliates, users of the Services, or our business partners
We will recommend content, advertising, and other information to you based on what we know and infer about your and others’ interests from use of our Services.
Skillshare also reserves the right to change the terms of your subscription, including price, from time to time, effective as of the beginning of your next billing period following the date of the change.
While we always try to keep our rates as low as possible, Viber may change the rates for calling phones at any time without notice to you by posting such change at http://account.viber.com/
But by using our services, you grant us a license—which is a form of permission—to do the following with your content, in accordance with applicable legal requirements, in connection with operating, developing, and improving our services: Use, copy, store, distribute, and communicate your content in manners consistent with your use of the services.
Without limiting the foregoing, we make no warranty that (a) the Service and materials will meet your requirements, (b) the Service and materials will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service or materials will be effective, accurate, or reliable, or (d) the quality of any class or Event that you attend via the Service, or any other products, services, or information purchased or obtained by you from the Service, from us or our affiliates, will meet your expectations or be free from mistakes, errors, or defects.
In consideration for our granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that we and our third-party providers and partners may place advertising on the Services or in connection with the display of Content or information from the Services whether submitted by you or others
You also acknowledge the risk that you or your organization may be mistakenly associated with content about others when we let connections and followers know you or your organization were mentioned in the news.
However, we have the right, without payment to you or others, to serve ads near your content and information, and your social actions may be visible and included with ads, as noted in the Privacy Policy.
LinkedIn reserves the right to limit your use of the Services, including the number of your connections and your ability to contact other Members.
However, if you choose to share your post as public, everyone or similar, we will enable a feature that allows other Members to embed that public post onto third-party services, and we enable search engines to make that public content findable though their services.
If you don't sign into your account periodically, we reserve the right to assume your account is inactive, and you agree that we may permanently delete your Content stored in the account or close your account entirely.
Some copies of your Content may be retained for a period of time as part of our routine backups, and we are not responsible for any use of Content that you have Shared or made public.
If uploaded or submitted to us, you further give us permission and the right to use your name, image, likeness, or other personal attributes.
We reserve the right to suspend VPN accounts, enforce usage limits, or terminate service to safeguard both users and the Service.
Our discretion enables us to set restrictions on the quantities of products or services available.
Subscribers on our Unlimited Plan might experience slower speeds upon surpassing an average data usage of 30GB per billing month.
When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.</li> <li>
<p>We will make good-faith efforts to make such requested changes in our then-active and relevant consumer databases as soon as practicable, but it is not always possible to immediately completely change, remove or delete all your information or public postings from our databases and residual and/or cached data may remain archived thereafter.
Following termination of your account, or if you remove any User-Generated Content from the Services, we may retain your User-Generated Content for a commercially reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes, or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Please note, however, that the comments, and messages you submitted prior to deleting your account will still be visible to others unless you first delete the specific content.
We may also retain certain information about you as required by law or for legitimate business purposes after you delete your account.</li>
Deleting an account terminates these Agreements, but grants us an indefinite license for content you collaborated to the service (e.g. event pages).
Post account termination, it's to be understood that snippets of your data might stay within our archives for a reasonable timeframe.
Deactivating your account won't instantaneously erase all associated data; residual data may linger for a time for backup or compliance purposes.
Be aware that post account deletion, fragments of your shared content might reside within our system for operational reasons.
While you can opt to delete your contributions, the system might hold certain data remnants for auditing or backup necessities.
Even after account termination, some elements of your user content might be retained due to our backup protocols.
Despite your efforts to remove personal contributions, be informed that bits of your data might still be archived within our servers.
Should you decide to deactivate your profile, be prepared for the possibility that some content might linger within our backup systems.
On removal of any personal data, traces of said data might still be found within our system for a set duration, owing to backup measures.
Understand that erasing your contributions might not guarantee complete data removal, due to residual data in system backups.
After ending your association with us, your user-generated content might persist in archives for a certain duration, as per our operational protocols.
We stress that even post account deactivation, snippets of your data might still be detectable within our system for legal and operational reasons.
It's to be noted that upon erasing shared data, certain fragments might remain within our archives for a set period.
Despite the deletion of your content, the company reserves the right to maintain archival or backup copies in compliance with legal requirements.
Your removal of content from the platform does not obligate the company to erase copies held by other users or third parties.
After account termination, certain data may persist in our system due to technical and legal constraints.
Our articles and tools are educational and do not offer professional legal guidance.
This application does not provide personalized investment advice or strategies.
Our website's information should not be interpreted as professional tax consultation.
The insights we offer are for educational purposes and are not intended as a substitute for professional advice.
The tutorials and resources provided here should not be considered expert financial advice.
The information on our site does not constitute professional legal counsel and should not be relied upon as such.
Our services do not include personal investment or wealth management advice.
The fitness guidance offered here does not replace advice from a certified health professional.
We do not offer any form of certified counseling or psychological advice.
Our diet and nutrition content is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for professional dietary advice.
The platform does not provide any form of certified education or tutoring advice.
Our real estate insights are for general knowledge and do not constitute professional real estate advice.
The digital marketing tips provided are not a substitute for professional marketing consultation.
Our technology insights do not constitute professional IT or tech support advice.
The travel recommendations on our site should not be considered as professional travel advisory services.
We offer general home improvement tips, which are not intended as a substitute for professional advice from a licensed contractor.
Our platform's financial tools are for informational purposes only and should not be construed as personalized financial advice.
The investment strategies discussed on our website are not recommendations and should not be treated as financial advice.
Our budgeting resources are educational and should not replace professional financial planning or advice.
The financial insights provided by our service are not intended to serve as a substitute for financial advice from a qualified professional.
Our analysis and reports do not constitute financial advice and should not be relied upon for making investment decisions.
We provide general market commentary, which should not be taken as professional financial advice.
Our retirement planning tools are designed for informational purposes and do not offer personalized financial advice.
The stock market data on our platform is for reference only and does not amount to financial advice.
Our financial calculators are helpful tools, but they are not a substitute for financial advice from a licensed advisor.
The investment options presented are for informational purposes only and should not be considered financial advice.
- By uploading, sharing, providing, or otherwise making available any User Content, or any portion thereof, in connection with the Services, and to the extent permitted by law, you hereby grant and will grant GoFundMe and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, perform, distribute, store, modify, prepare derivative works, publish and otherwise use your User Content in connection with the operation of the Services, and, with your prior explicit agreement. the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof, in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed.
But here’s a big warning: if you lose or forget your Memories passcode, or if you enter the wrong one too many times, you will lose access to any content you saved in the restricted area of Memories.
This means, among other things, that you will not be entitled to any compensation if your content, videos, photos, sound recordings, musical compositions, name, image, likeness, or voice are used by us, our affiliates, users of the Services, or our business partners.
You acknowledge that hosting carries inherent risks and agree that you assume the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform, offering Host Services, or any interaction you have with other Members whether in person or online.
You agree that we can download and install updates to the Service on your device.
The Company may cancel a Member’s accumulated Points, suspend Loyalty Program benefits, suspend Elite Membership Status, suspend Lifetime Elite Membership Status, or cancel a Member’s Account at any time with immediate effect and without written notice, for any reason and in the Company's sole discretion.
The Company reserves the right to cancel any reservations it believes to be in violation of the Program Rules.
If the Loyalty Program is terminated, all unredeemed Points will be forfeited without any obligation or liability, and no Award claims will be honored after the conclusion of the notice period.
The Site may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical or other errors in connection with information displayed on the Site, including, without limitation, rates, fees, stay details, or availability applicable to your transaction.  Hyatt and Hyatt hotels assume no responsibility or liability for such errors, inaccuracies, or omissions.
You may not have access to or use of your Digital Assets or Fiat Balances due to technological difficulties affecting our services and Platforms, the actions or inactions of third parties that provide services to Us, and other factors outside Our control.
You authorize us to sell assets in your account without further notice to you.
, in particular by making the Content publicly available in commercial premises (such as restaurants, bars, hotels, clubhouses, gaming arcades, fitness studios, hospitals etc.), we are entitled to require you to pay to us, as liquidated damages, an amount calculated by multiplying the value of one standalone month for that subscription plan (as set out on the DAZN Service) by twenty (20), for each breach identified in the previous 12 months, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law.
You can rapidly lose all of the funds you deposit for trading and may lose more funds than you deposit in your account.
We may require you to immediately Deposit additional funds into your account, and not doing so may lead to automatic liquidation.
We reserve the right to suspend your ability to make Withdrawals or Redemptions altogether for an indeterminate amount of time to ensure, as determined in our sole discretion, compliance with these terms or any legal, regulatory, or administrative obligation or guidance.
Each party consents to the electronic recording, without the use of an automatic warning tone, of all telephone conversations between or among the parties and their representatives, and each party agrees to procure a similar consent from each of its representatives, as applicable.
Transaction in virtual currency may be irreversible, and accordingly, losses due to fraudulent or accidental transactions may not be recoverable.
Prompt reporting of a Security Breach does not guarantee that Coinbase will reimburse you for any losses suffered or be liable to you for any losses suffered as a result of the Security Breach.
You cannot cancel, reverse, or change any transaction marked as complete or pending.
If your FanDuel account has no activity for twenty-four (24) months, it will be considered inactive. FanDuel will assess fee of $2. 99 per month on all inactive accounts until the account is reactivated by logging in to your account, entering a contest, making a deposit, or withdrawing funds.
You agree and understand that this Website (and its successors’ and affiliates’) may make use of your Content for promotional or commercial purposes and to render the services pursuant to these Terms of Services.
If any of the Content that you post to or through this Website contain ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to us, we will have no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to such Content, and we shall be entitled to use, exploit, or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Content in our sole discretion without any obligation to you whatsoever (i. e.  you will not be entitled to any compensation of any kind from us under any circumstances).
If you share your log in credentials with a third party, even if you share an account with them, they will have access to view all of your linked accounts.
We are not responsible for maintaining a backup of Your Content - we recommend that you keep a back-up copy of it at all times.
where we suspend or terminate all or part of WeChat, or where your access to WeChat is terminated by you or us, we do not guarantee that we will be able to return any of Your Content back to you and we may permanently delete Your Content without notice to you at any time after termination.
All taxes associated with the receipt or use of any prize are the sole responsibility of the winner.
Permanently blocked Users may not use the Redbubble Services through another existing or newly registered account.
Buyers may not cancel an order once it has been submitted.
If you continue using your Venmo account when you have amounts owed to us, you authorize us to combine amounts owed to us with any debit or transaction sent from your Venmo account
Subject to applicable law, you acknowledge and agree that Redbubble may freeze or retain all or a portion of any funds in your account to satisfy your indemnity obligations in this user agreement, including to cover any past or future legal costs associated with your breach or your alleged breach that have been or reasonably could be incurred by Redbubble or the indemnified parties, or if otherwise required by a legal proceeding or the law.
Company does not manufacture, store, or inspect any of the items sold through our Services.
1 Monitoring Membership Accounts The Company reserves the right to monitor the Accounts of all Members, at any time and without notice, for compliance with Program Rules
Upon completion of sign up for the Service, Company will create a PayPal Express Checkout account on your behalf, using your Primary Email Address.  Depending on your location, Company may also create a Company Payments account on your behalf.
We automatically create certain accounts for you to accept payments.  You are responsible for activating and deactivating these accounts and complying with their terms, which may be with various third parties, including but not limited to PayPal, Apple Pay, Google Payment and Shop Pay.
If at any time, we record a decline, chargeback or other rejection of a charge of any payable Fees due directly to Wix, on your Wix account (“Chargeback”), this will be considered as a breach of your payment obligations hereunder, and your use of the Wix Services may be automatically disabled or terminated.
By setting your repositories to be viewed publicly, you agree to allow others to view and "fork" your repositories (this means that others may make their own copies of Content from your repositories in repositories they control).
5 Loss of or damage to baggage We are liable, up to a limit of 1,288 SDR, for the destruction of, loss of or damage to baggage.
Emotional support or therapy dogs that are not recognised as assistance dogs by the above organisations are not permitted to travel with Ryanair.
Any software that we provide you may automatically download and install upgrades, updates, or other new features.
Additionally, you understand that WWOOF Ireland may cancel your membership if we receive reports of three no-shows
We may determine other eligibility criteria in our sole discretion.
We are liable for loss of or damage to checked-in luggage only if the event which caused the loss or damage took place on the plane or during any period when the checked-in luggage was in our possession.
If your carry-on baggage is too large it will not be allowed through the boarding gate.
If an item of baggage weighs more than your checked-in baggage allowance, you will have to pay an excess-baggage fee.
Our Services may allow you to download software, such as mobile applications, which may update automatically to ensure you’re using the latest version.
We are not a bank and funds are not insured by any government agency.
We do not promise to accurately record the number of play money chips held by You and Your play money chips may be lost at any time
We may attempt to verify your employment history or status through various methods, including third party integrations or services.
We may also utilize signals we receive from your current or former employer.
We may deduct funds from your PSN Wallet to pay any debt owed by you to us.
Access to Electronic Services may be limited or unavailable during periods of peak demand, market volatility, systems upgrade, maintenance, or for other reasons.
The Amazon Software may provide us with information about your Product, use of the Product, and use of Digital Content, other content, and the Amazon Services (such as search queries, installed applications, viewing and usage data, available memory, log files, network diagnostics, voice information, and connectivity).
With your consent, we may record your voice and send this data to our third-party partner to authenticate you and to help prevent fraud.
You further agree that, for all purposes, you, and not Gab, are the publisher or speaker of any information provided by the AI Features in such responses, you assume sole liability for the content of any message generated by any AI Features (“AI-Generated User Contributions”), and that the AI-Generated User Contributions will be treated as your User Contributions for the purposes of the Terms of Service.
MeWe may store a copy of the phone numbers, emails, and names in your address book on MeWe servers.
Travel to and from Basecamp course venues is your responsibility (unless stated) and Basecamp cannot be held responsible for any cancellation, delay or booking problems with your travel arrangements.
Whilst Company takes all reasonable precautions to prevent accidents or injury, you acknowledge and agree that some of the activities you participate in on the course carry a risk of accident and injury.
By connecting to Codecademy with a third-party service (for example, Facebook or Twitter), you give us permission to access and use your information from that service as permitted by that service, and to store your log-in credentials for that service.
If you choose to give us feedback, such as suggestions to improve our services, we may act on your feedback without obligation to you
We use your personal data, such as information about your activity and interests, to show you ads that are more relevant to you
When you share, post, or upload content that is covered by intellectual property rights (like photos or videos) on or in connection with our Service, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content (consistent with your privacy and application settings).
While we’re not required to do so, we may access, review, screen, and delete your content at any time and for any reason, including to provide and develop the Services or if we think your content violates these Terms or any applicable laws.
Because Public Content is inherently public, you grant Snap, our affiliates, other users of the Services, and our business partners an unrestricted, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, and perpetual right and license to create derivative works from, promote, exhibit, broadcast, syndicate, reproduce, distribute, synchronize, overlay graphics and auditory effects on, publicly perform, and publicly display all or any portion of your Public Content in any form and in any and all media or distribution methods, now known or later developed, for commercial and non-commercial purposes.
This means, among other things, that you will not be entitled to any compensation if your content, videos, photos, sound recordings, musical compositions, name, image, likeness, or voice are used by us, our affiliates, users of the Services, or our business partners.
Your content in Memories might become unavailable for any number of reasons, including things like an operational glitch or a decision on our end to terminate your account.
If another Snapchatter uploads their contact list which includes your information, we may combine that with other information we have about you to better understand who you may want to communicate with.
We don’t promise to store or keep showing any information and content that you’ve posted.
LinkedIn reserves the right to limit your use of the Services, including the number of your connections and your ability to contact other Members.
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit.
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services.
Our Services do not provide access to emergency services or emergency services providers, including the police, fire departments, or hospitals, or otherwise connect to public safety answering points.
Businesses you interact with using our Services may provide us with information about their interactions with you.
In the event that we are involved in a merger, acquisition, restructuring, bankruptcy, or sale of all or some of our assets, we will share your information with the successor entities or new owners.
WhatsApp shares information globally, both internally within the Meta Companies and externally with our partners and service providers, and with those with whom you communicate around the world.
By providing a sample to us, you acquire no rights in any research or commercial products developed by us or our collaborators/partners and will receive no compensation related to any such research or product development.
Once submitted to us, your sample, including any extracted DNA, cannot be returned to you.
Ancestry is not a covered entity under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), and no data provided by you is subject to or protected by HIPAA.
We collect, store, and otherwise process 'Personal Information', which is information that can identify you, directly or indirectly, as further described in Section 3.
Information you provide while creating your account and your profile will be visible to other users.
If Ancestry or its businesses are acquired or transferred (including in connection with bankruptcy or similar proceedings), we may share your Personal Information with the acquiring or receiving entity.
No Refunds. Except as may be required by applicable law, payments are non-refundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used services.
Many of the genetic discoveries that we report have not been clinically validated, and the technology we use, which is the same technology used by the research community, to date has not been widely used for clinical testing.
We let advertising providers collect identifiers (IP addresses, cookie IDs, and mobile IDs), activity data (browsing, clicks, app usage), device data, and geolocation data through our sites and apps when you use our online service.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law.
We use your personal data to help determine which personalized ads to show you.
You give us permission to use your name and profile picture and information about actions you have taken on Facebook next to or in connection with ads, offers, and other sponsored or commercial content that we display across our Products, without any compensation to you.
It may take up to 90 days to delete content after we begin the account deletion process or receive a content deletion request.
When you use voice services, we process your voice input and other information (such as location) in the cloud to respond to your requests and to improve your experience and our services.
We may amend any of this Agreement's terms at our sole discretion by posting the revised terms on the Amazon.com website.
Our physical stores may use cameras, computer vision, sensors, and other technology to gather information about your activity in the store, such as the products and services you interact with.
When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our services.
We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT HINGE DOES NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND OR IDENTITY VERIFICATION CHECKS ON ITS USERS OR OTHERWISE INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUND OF ITS USERS.
Some of this data may be considered sensitive or special in certain countries, such as details about sexual orientation, sexual life, health, racial or ethnic origins, religious beliefs or political affiliations
Tinder does not conduct criminal background or identity verification checks on its users.To help improve the relevance of these ads, we provide certain info about you to third parties, including advertising partners, or allow them to collect such data from our services (such as via cookies, SDKs, or similar technologies).
We may transfer your data if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
To help improve the relevance of these ads, we provide certain info about you to third parties, including advertising partners.
Business Transfers – In the event that a Bumble Group entity or any of its affiliates undergoes a business transition or change of ownership, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, re-organization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in the event of insolvency or administration, we may be required to disclose your personal data.	This could include all personal data that Bumble holds about you, including all CCPA Categories listed above.
Some of this data may be considered sensitive or special in certain countries, such as details about sexual orientation, sexual life, health, or political beliefs.
Messages We review the content of messages sent in the App to identify topics, sentiments, and trends across our Users. We will take steps to remove personally identifying information from such messages, prior to reviewing them. We will not share the content of User messages or information we derive from them with any third party.
We retain the scans so that we can verify you in the future and for our record-keeping purposes until we no longer need them for such purposes or for three years after your last interaction with us, whichever occurs first. After the applicable retention period expires, we take commercially reasonable steps to permanently and securely delete the scans from our systems.
We review the content of messages sent in the App to identify topics, sentiments, and trends across our Users. We will take steps to remove personally identifying information from such messages, prior to reviewing them. We will not share the content of User messages or information we derive from them with any third party.
The scan may include the use of facial recognition technology so that we can compare the photo you submit to your profile photo, to help ensure that you are who you say you are.
We reserve the right to delete, change, or reclaim your username, URL, or other identifier
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and/or your access to some or all of our services with or without notice, at our discretion for any reason
When you take certain actions on other sites, we may receive information about you.
We may disclose information if Discord is evaluating andor engaging in a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or sale, transfer, or change in ownership of Discord or any of its assets.
We may provide information to vendors we hire to carry out specific work for us
We use data about the connections you make, the choices and settings you select, and what you share and do on and off our Products - to personalize your experience.
You give us permission to use your name and profile picture and information about actions you have taken on Facebook next to or in connection with ads, offers, and other sponsored or commercial content that we display across our Products, without any compensation to you.
You agree that we can show you personalized ads and other commercial and sponsored content that businesses and organizations pay us to promote on and off Meta Company Products.
Following termination or deactivation of your account, or if you remove any User Content from Pinterest, we may retain your User Content for a reasonable period of time for backup, archive or audit purposes
Log data includes, for example, your Internet Protocol IP address, activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features like the Save button browser type and settings, and the date and time of when you accessed the Services.
We use your IP address to infer your approximate location, even if you don't choose to share your precise location, and photos you share may include information about the location where they were taken.
We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your onsite and offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties.
You hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use, distribute, modify, run, copy, publicly perform or display, translate, and create derivative works of your content consistent with your privacy and application settings.
We also reserve the right, but are not required, to terminate any Disney or ESPN account that remains inactive for an extended period of time, more than one year (failure to log in to your Disney or ESPN account will constitute inactivity for purposes of this Agreement).
ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND US, EXCEPT FOR SMALL CLAIMS, IS SUBJECT TO A CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND MUST BE RESOLVED BY INDIVIDUAL BINDING ARBITRATION.
You, on the one hand, and Disney and or ESPN , on the other hand, agree to resolve, by binding individual arbitration, all Disputes (including any related disputes involving The Walt Disney Company or its affiliates) except for: (i) any claim within the jurisdiction of a small claims court consistent with the jurisdictional and dollar limits that may apply, as long as it is an individual dispute and not a class action; and (it) any dispute relating to the ownership or enforcement of intellectual property rights.
This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Disney and or ESPN, including any revocation of consent or other action by you to end your participation in the Services or any communication with us.
